☰ zones Magazine Blog autobeat daily webinars suppliers Subscribe e-newsletter Subscribe Magazine e-newsletter Search Go AD&P Blog Otonomo Makes Driver Info Anonymous By: Gary S. Vasilash - November 08, 2018 at 6:42 AM Although people like the ability to be connected when they’re driving their vehicles, what they probably don’t know—and what they probably wouldn’t like at all—is the fact that there is a whole lot of information about them that is capable of being obtained through that connectivity. Read More Using Simulation Software to Optimize Automotive Lightweighting Sponsored - October 26, 2018 at 12:30 AM Automotive manufacturers are meeting CAFE fuel-efficiency standards through lightweighting, which requires simulation software for design engineers. Read More Renewable Diesel in Sweden By: Gary S. Vasilash - November 07, 2018 at 10:28 AM While on the subject of diesel fuel, it is interesting to note that a Finland-based company, Neste Corporation, is launching its fuel, “Neste MY Renewable Diesel,” in the Swedish transport market, interesting because this is a biodiesel that, according to the company, produces 90% less greenhouse gas emissions than dinosaur-based diesel fuel. Read More Diesels Meet Standards: Celebrations Not Required By: Gary S. Vasilash - November 07, 2018 at 7:17 AM Euro diesels actually have low emissions according to a new study from the European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association (ACEA), which studied approximately 270 new diesel vehicles and checked them against the Euro 6d-TEMP standards. Read More AD&P FEATURE Automotive Engineering Engineering the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado November 08, 2018 - Gary S. Vasilash Bigger, bolder and. . .lighter. And with impressive powertrain technology, to boot. Read More THE LATEST INSTALLMENT AAH #440 - All-New Chevrolet Silverado: Engineering the Franchise. SPECIAL GUEST: Tim Herrick, Full-Size Truck Chief Engineer, General Motors. NEWS: 2019 Chevrolet Silverado; Doctor Data; Mike Manley wants FCA Pickups in 2nd Place; Does Faraday Have a Future? Monthly Sales; Hamilton Wins Fifth Title to Tie With Fangio: Is a Comparison Relevant? PANEL: Bob Gritzinger, WardsIntelligence.com - Gary Vasilash, Automotive Design & Production - John McElroy, Autoline.tv Feature Euro Consortium Developing Better Laser Surfacing The objective of ultraSURFACE is to develop equipment that will reduce surface processing time to a tenth of conventional approaches—and costs by half. Read More Feature Larry Burns & the Creation of the Future of Transportation November 08, 2018 - Gary S. Vasilash You would think that a guy who retired from GM after 40 years would kick back in a cottage in northern Michigan or elsewhere. But not Larry Burns. Just as when he was running R&D at GM, he continues, now as an adviser to Waymo, to transform transportation. Read More AUTOBEATDAILY.COM Featured EC Approves Merger of BMW and Daimler Mobility Services The European Commission has approved a plan by BMW and Daimler to combine their car-sharing, ride-hailing, parking, electric car charging and integrated mobility booking services. Read More FEATURED VIDEOS Managing a Higher-Voltage Future Autonomous-Vehicle Research at Michigan State PlanetM: Michigan's Mobility Connection Innovating with IBM’s “Garage Factory” Martinrea’s Hybrid-Material Subframe Tech Search CHANNEL PARTNERS Advertise Subscribe e-Newsletters Zones Magazine Blog Autobeat Daily Webinars Suppliers Contact Us | Sitemap Privacy Policy Copyright © Gardner Business Media, I