Home About Advertise Search Skip to content Home Car NewsAimed at those searching for the latest automotive news delivered in a timely manner, the news category reports about new car releases and brings exclusive stories from the automotive niche. Car news are delivered every day and focused on those in need of the newest from the automotive world. Chevy eCOPO Camaro Concept: Drag Racing Goes Electric! Aston Martin DBS 59: Beautiful, Fast & Extremely Rare Solar Charging Technology For Cars? Hyundai & Kia Say It’s Viable 2019 Cadillac V-Series Pedestal Editions: Limited-Production Luxury Hot Rods Car TechTechnology is constantly changing and evolving, from under the hood to inside the cabin. Plus, with our smartphones, there are more car related apps than ever before. Some apps track your performance and fuel economy while others help you find the best deal on a pre-owned car. We highlight these and other trends while uncovering the benefits (and drawbacks) of the latest car technology. Chevy eCOPO Camaro Concept: Drag Racing Goes Electric! Lights! Camera! . . . Ford Edge ST? Solar Charging Technology For Cars? Hyundai & Kia Say It’s Viable These States Show EV Owners The Most Love (And It’s Not California) Car ReviewsReading our latest Car Reviews will treat you with professionally written and well executed car reviews from our experts. Extensive galleries of the newest cars and interesting reports on vehicles available are complemented with rigorous appraisement expressed in our Pros and Cons section. 2018 Lexus RX 450h Review: Quiet & Comfortable 2018 Lincoln Navigator Review: Big, Brash & Loaded With Luxury 2018 Toyota C-HR Review: The Stylish Gas Hog 2019 Ram 1500 Tradesman Review: Simple But Effective Car TalkMany of our strong feelings, thoughts, and passions about automobiles are reflected here in our editorials. These editorials are based on our observations on the industry and are designed to stimulate conversation about cars and the overall car culture. Letter From The UK: Britain’s Brexit: The Long Last Leg Automoblog In-Depth: Terrifying Realities of Halloween No Tricks Only Treats: These 13 Vehicles Were Made For Halloween! Top 10 Fastest Cars In The World (2018) Future of TransportationNew technologies are changing the way we travel. Is it possible robot cars will chauffeur us everywhere before long? Semi-autonomous technologies are already available on some cars today – is full on autonomous driving next? We explore this bold new era, from the proponents who point to increased safety and better use of infrastructure, to the skeptics who feel there is no substitute for human intuition behind the wheel. As this new age approaches, where will you be when the future of transportation arrives? System Safety Las Vegas 2016: The first automotive event to provide a comprehensive look at safety in every component of highly automated systems. Click below to read more about the conference and use the code Automoblog-1-D87ZS2N at checkout to get 10% discount! Solar Charging Technology For Cars? Hyundai & Kia Say It’s Viable TU-Automotive Europe Dives Deep Into Connected Cars, Future Mobility Texting & Eating: New Documentary Examines How Badly We Drive VW & Microsoft Partnership Focuses On Connected Vehicle Services Read More Chevy eCOPO Camaro Concept: Drag Racing Goes Electric! Chevy partners with Hancock and Lane Racing for the eCOPO Camaro Concept. The Chevy eCOPO Camaro is entirely electric and runs a quarter-mile in the...More November 6, 2018 Tony Borroz Share it ! Read More 2018 Lexus RX 450h Review: Quiet & Comfortable People looking for a luxury SUV generally want a comfortable, quiet interior and a ride quality that smooths out the bumps. The 2018 Lexus RX...More November 3, 2018 Denis Flierl Share it ! Read More Lights! Camera! . . . Ford Edge ST? Dearborn is going Hollywood with the Ford Edge ST Camera Car. Pursuit Systems helped modify the Edge ST for high-speed action footage. Quick question: Say...More November 3, 2018 Tony Borroz Share it ! Read More Aston Martin DBS 59: Beautiful, Fast & Extremely Rare The Aston Martin DBS 59 pays homage to the 1959 24 Hours of Le Mans. The DBS 59 is inspired by the DBR1 but based off the...More November 3, 2018 Automoblog Staff Share it ! Read More Solar Charging Technology For Cars? Hyundai & Kia Say It’s Viable Emerging technology can charge a car’s battery via body or roof-mounted solar panels. The “translucent solar roof” is the first system of its kind for...More November 2, 2018 Automoblog Staff Share it ! Read More 2019 Cadillac V-Series Pedestal Editions: Limited-Production Luxury Hot Rods 2019 Pedestal Edition ATS-V Coupe and CTS-V Super Sedan celebrate 15 years of the V-Series.  Production is limited. Only 300 are for sale in the...More November 2, 2018 Tony Borroz Share it ! Read More We Became Wrench Nation Citizens (And It’s Pretty Sweet) The Wrench Nation radio show covers a wide range of automotive topics. Airs Wednesdays at 4 pm MST on 88.7 FM “The Pulse” in Phoenix,...More October 31, 2018 Tony Borroz Share it ! Read More Letter From The UK: Britain’s Brexit: The Long Last Leg Has the middle ground in Brexit been lost?  How do automotive manufacturers respond?  Geoff Maxted examines in his latest Letter From The UK.  Whichever way...More October 31, 2018 Geoff Maxted Share it ! Read More Automoblog In-Depth: Terrifying Realities of Halloween The scariest things this Halloween season have nothing in common with the latest creature features on Netflix. While trick-or-treating is certinately enjoyable for children and...More October 31, 2018 Carl Anthony Share it ! Read More These States Show EV Owners The Most Love (And It’s Not California) A recent study by YourMechanic examines the top states for EV owners. The study measures how convenient ownership is for residents in each state. Would...More October 30, 2018 Tony Borroz Share it ! 123›» // Trending Are Replica Wheels Really as Safe as OEM Wheels? The Truth About OnStar MagLev Cars: Why aren’t we floating above the… Lights! Camera! . . . Ford Edge ST? 2018 Lexus RX 450h Review: Quiet & Comfortable // Featured Video // Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn // Automoblog Originals Car Shopping: Edmunds TrueCar CarGurus © Copyright Automoblog.net 2006-2018 | Some rights reserved | Privacy P