Topics Essentials Services Close Home Leasing Safety Remarketing Fuel Upfitting Global Green Fleet Telematics Operations Maintenance Vehicle Research News Magazine Blogs Encyclopedia Statistics Photos Videos Whitepapers Webinars Events Jobs Directory Subscription Advertise Contact Us Online Store Privacy Policy Search Search News Photos Blogs Videos Whitepapers Webinars Statistics Events Directory Magazine Advertise THE CAR AND TRUCK FLEET AND LEASING MANAGEMENT MAGAZINE Search Close Menu Search Search Leasing Safety Remarketing Fuel Upfitting Global Green Fleet Telematics Operations Maintenance Vehicle Research News Michigan Legalizes Recreational Marijuana Michigan became the first Midwest state and the tenth in the nation to legalize marijuana for recreational use during Nov. 6 voting. Article Tire Prices Increase Due to Higher Commodity Costs Article Maintenance Costs Increase as Labor Rates Rise Article Operating Costs Increase After Remaining Flat for Five Years Article Meet the 2018 Fleet Visionaries News Highest Vehicle Theft Days Ranked Sponsored by LeasePlan Telematics – The Path to Increased Productivity and Cost Savings News Red Hawk Fire & Security's Schober Wins Fleet Safety Award Article Meet the 2018 Fleet Manager of the Year Fleet Incentives Powered by Determine the actual cost of owning and running a vehicle in your fleet. Compare vehicles by class and model. Compare Free Whitepapers Is Your Fleet Ready for Winter? 5 Core Telematics Benefits Big Data for Fleet Managers Strategic Insights \ 2018 Q3 On-Site Oil Analysis Case Study: Extend Life & Identify Repairs Paying for Safety: A Winning Combination for You and Your Drivers... It's Not Too Late to Sell Fleet Vehicles This Year Routing Methods Guide The Open Platform Advantage: How to Get Maximum Value from Your Telematics System Solving Common Fleet Business Problems Telematics: More Than Just Cost Savings 4 Elements to Curbing Risky Driver Behavior How to Optimize Fleet Operations With Telematics Top Strategies Fleets Can Use to Slash Fuel Spend Taking A Risk: Finding the Best Leasing Option For Your Fleet How to Introduce GPS Tracking to Employees Is Vehicle Telematics Right for Your Fleet? Compare Both Sides of the Coin SAIA: Stress-Free Driver Monitoring Distillation: How You Can Benefit From the Future of Biodiesel 5 Trends in Data Analytics Win the Safety Game: Coach Like a Pro Preventing At-Fault Collisions: Why Your Drivers’ Attitudes Make All the Difference How to Avoid a Roadside Emergency and What to do if One Happens How the City of Stamford Saved $1M by Sharing Cars & Right Sizing 7 Best Practices For Your Fleet Safety Program News Next-Gen 2019 Mazda3 to Debut in L.A. Mazda will debut its fourth-generation 2019 Mazda3 ahead of the Los Angeles Auto Show later this month as a vehicle that makes its global debut at the show later this month. News Hyundai's 2020 Palisade Flagship SUV to Debut in L.A. Hyundai's new flagship utility vehicle will be the 2020 Palisade, and it will go on sale in the summer of 2019, following its debut at the Los Angeles Auto Show later this month, the automaker has announced. News Greenlots, Volvo to Provide EV Charging Infrastructure in Southern California Electric vehicle charging software and solutions provider Greenlots has announced a collaboration with Volvo Trucks to deploy electric truck charging infrastructure for trucks operating out of warehouses in Southern California. News WABCO, Hyundai Developing Medium-Duty Truck for South Korea Under this latest supply agreement with Hyundai, Wabco will furnish the manufacturer with a broad portfolio of its advanced technologies to support series production of Hyundai’s new medium-duty trucks in South Korea. Fleet FAQ Fleet FAQ? Fleet Management & Leasing View All Tom Coffey Vice President sponsored by Fleet FAQ? Fleet Tracking and Telematics View All Erin Cave from Verizon Connect Vice President of Product Management, Verizon Connect sponsored by Fleet FAQ? Fuel Management View All Bernie Kanavagh from WEX Senior Vice President and General Manager sponsored by Blogs Market Trends Biggest Challenges Facing Vocational Fleet Managers Driving Notes 2019 Subaru Forester Premium Nobody Asked Me, But... The Leaders and Best Data Points What Are the Most Valuable Services Offered by FMCs? In Memoriam: Coach's Insights Thinking of the Newbies of the Future Partner Blogs Driving Results Myth-Busting Telematics Driving Perspective 5 Driver Retention Strategies that Work News Trimble Enhances Business Intelligence and Analytics Solution Trimble says its business intelligence and analytics solution, Trimble Reveal, can now aggregate more data from a variety of business systems – transportation management, asset management, and mobile communications systems – to provide insight into how a company operates. News FedEx Improves Fuel Efficiency by 2.9% FedEx Express improved fuel efficiency by 2.9% in fiscal year 2017 and has moved closer to meeting its corporate goal of a 50% increase by 2025 over 2005 levels, the company reported in its annual sustainability report. News Electrify America Working to Bring EVs to Low-Income Communities Volkswagen's Electrify America will spend $2.7 million on an education and outreach campaign about zero-emission vehicles by working with California community groups in low-income areas, the group has announced. News BMW to Offer 5 Battery EVs by 2021 The BMW Group plans to offer five battery-electric vehicles for sale in the U.S. by 2021, including four new models alongside the current i3 hatchback. Magazine November 2018 Digital Edition Digital Archives Subscribe Newsletter Email Submit View the latest: eNews Whitepaper eNews Fleet Safety Global Fleet Photo Gallery Verizon Connect's 2018 Latitude Conference Verizon Connect fleet users joined associates of the connected vehicle technology provider at the company's 2018 Latitude business conference from Oct. 22-24 at the Monarch Beach Resort in Dana Point. View more photos Verizon Connect's 2018 Latitude Conference View more photos News International Debuts CV Series Class 4/5 Truck International Trucks unveiled its new CV Series, a Class 4/5 truck that it emphasizes is designed, distributed and supported by a company specializing in commercial vehicles. News Voters Turn Away Fuel, Energy Taxes in Several States Voters in Missouri, Utah, and Washington rejected state ballot measures on Tuesday that would have added new taxes on fuel or energy use by fleet vehicles, while California voters elected to keep increased fuel taxes in place to fund the state's infrastructure. News Daylight Saving Time May Bring More Drowsy Drivers Daylight saving time came to an end on Nov. 4 and for many fleet drivers that means more time each day driving in the dark. Less hours of sunlight can lead to fatigue behind the wheel during the fall and winter months. News California Approves $483M for Clean Transportation The California Air Resources Board approved the plan to fund clean car rebates, zero-emission transportation, clean trucks, and other alternative-fuel and mobility pilot projects. Load More More From The World's Largest Fleet Publisher Managing 10-50 Company Vehicles Executive Vehicle Management Managing Public Sector Vehicles & Equipment The Commercial Truck Industry's Most In-Depth Information Source Global Resource For Limousine and Bus Transportation Serving the Bus and Passenger Rail Industries for More than a Century Serving School Transportation Professionals in the U.S. and Canada The Number 1 Resource for Vocational Truck Fleets Don't miss another story Email Submit Search Menu Topics Leasing Safety Remarketing Fuel Upfitting Global Green Fleet Telematics Maintenance Vehicle Research Manager of the Year Hall of Fame Essentials News Magazine Blogs Encyclopedia Statistics Photos Videos Whitepapers Webinars Events Jobs Directory Services Subscription Advertise Contact Us Online Store Privacy Policy Newsletter Sign Up Connect © 2018 Automotive Fleet. All