Latest News Ford buys electric scooter sharing company New Renault van build for Maubeuge and Sandouville Scottish Minister holds urgent talks on Michelin Toyota develops hydrogen burner for forging line Linamar Q3 sales and profits rise DuPont eyes China automotive growth with new plant Aston Martin's new St Athan plant nears completion Wabco inks Hyundai medium trucks supply deal PSA says Opel/Vauxhall "back on course" VW's Electrify America announces California plans Global automotive industry news, data and analysis Top insights ANALYSIS - ASEAN vehicle sales rise 10% in Q3 New vehicle sales in southeast Asia's six largest markets combined continued to strengthen in the third quarter of 2018,... Estate sales in decline? Nobody told the Volvo V90 Sometimes, if you continue to evolve a product you've long been famous for, ignore those claiming that people have moved... Future plans show Ford isn't exiting cars Ford has been telling anyone who will listen that it believes its US market future lies with SUVs, pick-ups, EVs and... LA show world debuts - Mazda 3 Multiple new model and concept world premieres which will take place at the LA auto show. Mazda has issued a teaser... Latest automotive news Toyota develops hydrogen burner for forging line Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) has developed what it claims it the world's first general-purpose hydrogen burner for industrial use, working in... Linamar Q3 sales and profits rise Canadian supplier Linamar increased third quarter sales 18.6% year on year to US$1.8bn. DuPont eyes China automotive growth with new plant DuPont said it is spending US$80m to build a new factory in Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu Province in East China. Aston Martin's new St Athan plant nears completion With the unveiling of Aston Martin Lagonda’s first SUV scheduled for the last quarter of 2019, work is progressing to complete the new St Athan... Wabco inks Hyundai medium trucks supply deal Wabco Holdings said it had entered a long-term agreement with Hyundai Motor to supply medium duty trucks with electronic braking systems (EBS),... PSA says Opel/Vauxhall "back on course" PSA says Opel/Vauxhall is "back on course" one year after presenting its Pace plan, insisting the division will be profitable, electric and global. VW's Electrify America announces California plans Electrify America, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Volkswagen Group of America set up as part of the 'dieselgate' settlement with federal... Ford buys electric scooter sharing company Ford Smart Mobility has acquired Spin, a San Francisco based electric scooter sharing company that provides customers an alternative for first- and last-mile transport. New Renault van build for Maubeuge and Sandouville Renault has announced new van production at its manufacturing facilities in Maubeuge and Sandouville, France. Scottish Minister holds urgent talks on Michelin closure Scottish Finance and Economy Secretary, Derek Mackay has held urgent talks with trade unions and Michelin management to... View all news Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-auto newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Yes! I want to hear about automotive industry webinars and relevant offers Latest automotive insights LA auto show world debuts list - Hyundai Palisade Multiple new model and concept world premieres which will take place at the LA auto show. The Hyundai Palisade is the latest of these to be added to just-auto's preview list. ANALYSIS - Future Ford SUVs and pick-ups After taking a look at Ford's worldwide plans for cars into the second half of the 2020s, this second feature... Future plans show Ford isn't exiting cars Ford has been telling anyone who will listen that it believes its US market future lies with SUVs, pick-ups, EVs and... ANALYSIS - ASEAN vehicle sales rise 10% in Q3 New vehicle sales in southeast Asia's six largest markets combined continued to strengthen in the third quarter of 2018,... Interest rates don’t slow US market, yet - ANALYSIS As our preliminary data published on Friday indicated, rising interest rates and higher petrol prices didn’t stop US light vehicle sales from rising in October. Estate sales in decline? Nobody told the Volvo V90 Sometimes, if you continue to evolve a product you've long been famous for, ignore those claiming that people have moved... Your smart office on the move - the week I have tried typing from the back seat of a car on quite a few occasions (needs must and all that) and it's not much... New Duster lifts Dacia to same market share as Nissan The biggest mistake for anyone to make when summing up Dacia is to think of it as a provider of cheap, basic, boring... View all insights Hot issues Brexit concerns persist for the auto sector The UK is leaving the EU in March 2019. Negotiations on the terms of the UK's exit from the bloc have yet to reach a... Paris 2018 There were some notable no-shows but still plenty of excitement around the biennial Paris show. We were there and our... Trade tensions on the rise Arrangements for international trade have become an area of concern for OEMs and suppliers with global sourcing... What does WLTP mean for the auto industry? From September 2018, all new cars in Europe, India, South Korea and Japan will have to report their fuel economy and CO2... View all hot issues Latest interviews Sydney Nash - SMMT senior policy manager on Brexit As Brexit negotiations roil and foment in the corridors of Westminster in London, the Berlaymont in Brussels and as they... Paris Interview - PSA Global Purchasing EVP Michelle Wen New Groupe PSA Executive Vice President, Global Purchasing & Supplier Quality, Michelle Wen has held a number of senior... Paris interview - French suppliers association FIEV CEO Jacques Mauge French supplier association, FIEV (Fédération des Industries des Equipements pour Véhicules) had a... Automotive industry slow to embrace D&I-related changes – report A recently published report* sets out a fresh view of Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) in the automotive... Paris interview - CLEPA president Roberto Vavassori Roberto Vavassori was elected CLEPA president, taking office in January, 2016 and is also a board... View all interviews Thought leaders Renesas: Expert white papers At Renesas, a leading supplier of automotive microcontrollers and SoC products, we aim to be a provider of total solutions in response to growing trends and market needs. Through... FREE report: Download to learn more about valuing opportunities in the auto industry. FREE report: Download to learn more about valuing opportunities in the auto industry. View all thought leaders Research store Tata Motors Ltd (TATAMOTORS) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review Tata Motors Ltd (TATAMOTORS) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review Published: Sep 2018 Tata Motors Ltd (Tata Motors) is a manufacturer and distributor of automobiles. The company manufactures passenger cars, utility vehicles, trucks, buses and defense vehicles. It also offers engineering and automotive solutions, construction equipment manufacturing, automotive vehicle components manufacturing, and supply chain activities through its subsidiaries. Tata Motors produces machine tools and factory automation solutions, high-precision tooling, plastic and electronic components for automotive and computer applications. It also distributes and markets Fiat branded cars in India. The company operates across Europe, the Middle East, North America, Africa, Asia, Russia, CIS, Oceania, Central America, and South America. Tata Motors is headquartered in Mumbai, India. View report Buy now $125.00 The Yokohama Rubber Co Ltd (5101) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review The Yokohama Rubber Co Ltd (5101) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review Published: Sep 2018 The Yokohama Rubber Co., Ltd (Yokohama) is a tire manufacturer. The company produces, distributes and markets tires for different types vehicles including passenger cars, buses, aircraft, light trucks and trucks, industrial vehicles, and other peripheral products such as agricultural, industrial, construction, and forestry machinery. View report Buy now $125.00 LMC Automotive's European Passenger Car Production Estimates - Latest Monthly Update LMC Automotive's European Passenger Car Production Estimates - Latest Monthly Update Published: Oct 2018 This service provides customers with the very latest monthly estimates of passenger car production across all of Europe. Updated monthly and provided model-by-model, and available only via just-auto, the service fills the gaps between the latest actual published data and the present. View report Buy now $150.00 Global light vehicle instrumentation and cockpits market - forecasts to 2033 Global light vehicle instrumentation and cockpits market - forecasts to 2033 Published: Oct 2018 This QUBE report from just-auto provides a comprehensive overview of the global cockpits and instrumentation sector, major suppliers, top 14 markets, technology trends and market size forecasts. Use this report to gain a quick overview of the sector and to understand the size and scope of the world's key markets View report Buy now $1900.00 Global light vehicle materials market - forecasts to 2033 Global light vehicle materials market - forecasts to 2033 Published: Oct 2018 This QUBE report from just-auto report provides a comprehensive overview of the global material trends sector, major suppliers, top markets, technology trends and market size forecasts. Use this report to gain a quick overview of the sector globally, prepare supply and demand forecasts, understand the size and scope of the top 14 markets and produce internal sales plans and forecasts. View report Buy now $1500.00 Visit research store About just-auto just-auto is the online resource for the automotive industry. Packed with the latest global automotive industry news, analysis and research, just-auto gives automotive industry executives the intelligence they need to do their jobs better. Visitors to just-auto can also buy global automotive industry research from our own market research store. just-auto's online advertising team also offer opportunities for companies to advertise to our membership of senior decision makers. Join the thousands of automotive executives who stay ahead of trends in the global automotive industry with just-auto. Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & Analysis Comment Analysis Financials & M&A Interviews Hot Issues Design & Technology Brexit Environment Electric Cars & Hybrids OEM Product Strategies Car Launches & NPD Columns Product Eye OEM Product Trends Beecham's Tech-Talk Hutton's Critique From the Editor The Week That Was Global Auto Shows Paris Motor Show Geneva Motor Show Frankfurt Motor Show Detroit Auto Show Tokyo Motor Show Other Global Auto Shows Management Briefings Thought Leaders Latest News In-depth features DataBank OEM Analysis Supplier Analysis Component Forecasts Analysis Comment Interviews Companies Ford Group Volkswagen Group Daimler Group BMW Group Toyota Group Tata Motors General Motors Geely Holding Group Nissan Group PSA Groupe Hyundai-Kia Group Renault S.A. Fiat-Chrysler Group Valeo Honda Group Porsche Bosch Mazda Motor Faurecia Denso All companies Sectors Car Manufacturers Automotive Supply Chain Retail & Aftermarket Commercial Vehicles All Sectors Regions Asia Europe North America Emerging Markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All Countries Research Store Market Research Store Auto Market Database Model Lifecycle Data Automotive Consultants QUBE What is QUBE? How QUBE Can Help QUBE For Your Team Contact The QUBE Team Existing Member Login About About just-auto Advertise on just-auto Contact just-auto Newsletter sign-up Sign-up to the just-auto newsletters and get 'The Changing World of Car Interiors' for FREE All fields required Daily Alert: Get the daily automotive news as it happens Weekly News Summary: Get our weekly best-of roundup Automotive Research Updates: Discover the latest automotive research Sign up today I want to hear about automotive industry webinars and relevant offers You are agreeing for just-auto.com to send you newsletters and/or other information about our products and services that are relevant to you by email. Clicking above tells us that you're OK with both this and with our privacy policy, terms and conditions and cookie policy. You can opt out of individual newsletters or contact methods at any time in the 'Your Account' area. We'll only keep your data for as long as you choose to receive information from just-auto. Buy automotive market research New automotive market research Automotive sector market research Automotive companies market research Automotive market research publishers Auto market database Automotive model lifecycle data Automotive consultants Automotive webinars Advertise on just-auto Subscribe to just-auto RSS feeds Site map About just-auto Latest Auto News ©2018 All content copyright just-auto.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-auto gives its paid members access to the very best automotive market coverage. And now there’s just-auto plus, our premium membership that gives you exclusive component forecast data, company profiles and extended news coverage - just for premium members. Today I can offer you 30 days access for $1 - and that includes just-auto plus. David Leggett, editor of just-auto Try for 30 Days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee Existing user? Clic