↓   JAVASCRIPT IS DISABLED. Please enable JavaScript on your browser to best view this site. Children's Hospital of Wisconsin Blog Search for: Keeping kids healthy & safe Home About Featured Stories Help Our Kids Our Website Our Pediatricians Post navigation ← Previous Post How specialized ENT care helped a whole family sleep at night Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on November 8, 2018 by Katie LottNovember 8, 2018 The Loe kids (from left): Charlie, Lydia, William and Max. To any parent who has experienced long nights with a baby suffering from an ear infection — Carrie Loe understands your pain. Continue reading → Posted in Ear, nose and throat How parents’ screen time impacts kids Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on November 6, 2018 by Barbara Calkins, MDNovember 6, 2018 Kids are growing up in an increasingly digital world, with infants as young as 4 months being exposed to technology — but that isn’t just when the child is looking at a screen. As a pediatrician and a mom of teens, I encourage parents to be aware of their own use of electronics Continue reading → Posted in Primary care New virtual reality brings pediatric heart defects to life Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on November 1, 2018 by Evan SolochekNovember 1, 2018 As you slip the virtual reality headset on, you are suddenly transported. At first it’s exhilarating, even overwhelming, and you’re not sure how to maneuver through this foreign, virtual world. But it doesn’t take long Continue reading → Posted in Education, Heart | Tagged Featured Stories Second opinion brings relief to teen suffering with GI issues Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on October 29, 2018 by Nicole Sweeney EtterOctober 30, 2018 Gabe played guard and center for his high school football team. Gabe had always been a strong, healthy kid who rarely even caught a cold. At 5’10”, 240 lbs., he was a dedicated athlete who was excited to start his sophomore year playing offensive lineman for his high school football team. Between morning workouts in the weight room, afternoon football practice, and games for both the varsity and junior varsity teams, Gabe was exercising multiple times a day. But as the fall of 2016 rolled on, the 16-year-old noticed that his bowel habits had changed. Continue reading → Posted in Gastroenterology | Tagged Featured Stories The week Milwaukee was the heart of the medical world Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on October 22, 2018 by Evan SolochekOctober 22, 2018 From the shores of Lake Michigan to the far reaches of the globe, the name Herma is synonymous with heart. To put it plainly, the Herma Heart Institute is an international leader in congenital heart care. Continue reading → Posted in Heart | Tagged Featured Stories Teen driving videos educate on the risks and responsibilities of driving Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on October 12, 2018 by Kiya SinclairOctober 15, 2018 Driving is no joke and needs to be taken seriously. It’s a huge responsibility. But that doesn’t mean learning about safe driving can’t be fun. Continue reading → Posted in Education, Parenting and child safety The day that changed my view of the flu vaccine Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on October 3, 2018 by Anita BraatzOctober 6, 2018 3-year-old Avaya spent more than a month in the hospital due to complications from the flu. January 19, 2018 was the scariest day of my life. That was the day that I thought I had lost my youngest child, Avaya, to the flu. As a mother of six children, none of whom had ever gotten a flu vaccination, I thought this was something that would never happen to my family. Then, it did, and it happened quickly. Continue reading → Posted in Vaccines and immunizations | Tagged Featured Stories Why the whole family should get the flu shot Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on October 1, 2018 by David Meuler, MDOctober 6, 2018 There’s nothing better than spending quality time together as a family, whether it’s going for a walk, eating dinner together or just hanging out at home. What’s NOT fun is when the whole family is sick. One way to prevent that is to be sure kids and adults get the flu vaccine each year. Continue reading → Posted in Primary care, Vaccines and immunizations Teens and healthy dating Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on September 27, 2018 by James Shander, MDSeptember 27, 2018 The teen years can be full of ups and downs. These feelings are normal as teens try out more adult behaviors and responsibilities, deal with growing expectations, and make the gradual transition to independence. For some teens, dating plays a part in this time of life. Continue reading → Posted in Parenting and child safety, Primary care An innovative surgery gave new hope for a baby born with two tracheas Children's Hospital of Wisconsin BlogPosted on September 25, 2018 by Michelle JacksonOctober 26, 2018 Julissa with Dr. Michael Mitchell, nearly one year after he saved her life. Today, Julissa Ulloa-Lopez is a healthy 1-year-old who likes to be heard as much as she likes to be held. “You could say she is a momma’s girl,” said her mother, Ruth Lopez Deleon, through an interpreter. “She wants to be with me all the time, and she is always touching my face to make sure I’m really there.” Continue reading → Posted in Heart | Tagged Featured Stories Post navigation ← Previous Post Search the blog Search for: Welcome Join the conversation on our Children's Hospital of Wisconsin blog. Connect with knowledge leaders and health care professionals dedicated to improving the lives of children. Connect with us Get updates via email Email Address Popular posts An innovative surgery gave new hope for a baby born with two tracheas Second opinion brings relief to teen suffering with GI issues Teen vaping: An epidemic with unknown consequences Top 5 things parents should know about hand, foot and mouth disease What to do if your child has strep throat Blog topics Advocacy (9) Allergies (5) Asthma (1) Bullying (2) Burns and fire safety (4) Cancer and blood disorders (7) Child abuse (2) Child and family therapy (6) Coping with loss and trauma (3) Dermatology (2) Diabetes (2) Ear, nose and throat (9) Education (5) Fox Valley (1) Gastroenterology (6) Genetics (2) Giving and volunteering (17) Heart (22) Imaging (7) Infectious disease (3) Inside Children's Hospital (23) Laboratory (1) Mental health (5) Neurosciences (7) Newborn and fetal care (33) Nutrition and exercise (25) Orthopedics (7) Parenting and child safety (114) Physical and occupational therapy (1) Primary care (72) Pulmonology (1) Research (4) Sleep (8) Special needs (2) Speech and hearing (2) Sports medicine (8) Surgery (4) Transplant (4) Vaccines and immunizations (7) Download our mobile app Children's On Call is our free mobile app that helps you make informed decisions on what kind of care your child might need. Download our app. Find a pediatrician © 2018 Children's 