Search Cart Admin  HEALTH TOPICS ▼ Browse by Topic Heart Health « Back Blood Pressure Cholesterol Coronary Artery Disease Heart Attack Heart Failure Heart Medications Stroke Mind & Mood « Back Addiction Adult & Child ADHD Alzheimer's & Dementia Anxiety Depression Improving Memory Mental Health Positive Psychology Stress Pain « Back Arthritis Back Pain Headache Joint Replacement Other Pain Staying Healthy « Back Aging Balance & Mobility Diet & Weight Loss Energy & Fatigue Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Physical Activity Screening Tests for Men Screening Tests for Women Sleep Cancer « Back Breast Cancer Colorectal Cancer Other Cancers Prostate Health & Disease Skin Cancer Diseases & Conditions « Back Adult & Child ADHD Alzheimer's & Dementia Diabetes Digestive Health Heart Disease More Diseases & Conditions Osteoporosis Stroke Thyroid Diseases Men's Health « Back Erectile Dysfunction Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Men's Sexual Health Prostate Cancer Prostate Health & Disease Screening Tests for Men Women's Health « Back Breast Health & Disease Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Menopause Osteoporosis Pregnancy Screening Tests for Women Women's Sexual Health Children's Health « Back Adult & Child ADHD Autism Developmental Milestones Learning Disabilities Nutrition Nutrition for children Parenting Issues Physical Activity Vaccinations Search Harvard Health Publishing What can we help you find? Enter search terms and tap the Search button. Both articles and products will be searched. Shopping Cart Description Qty Price The Harvard Medical School 6-Week Plan for Healthy Eating (Print - Free U.S. Shipping!) $20.00 Improving Memory: Understanding Age-Related Memory Loss (PDF - Lowest Price!) $18.00 Harvard Health Letter (Print & Online Access (PDF)!) $16.00 Subtotal $54.00 Update Cart Checkout Please note: If you have a promotional code you'll be prompted to enter it prior to confirming your order. Customer Sign In Returning Customer If you have an account, please sign in. New Customers If you subscribe to any of our print newsletters and have never activated your online account, please activate your account below for online access. By activating your account, you will create a login and password. You only need to activate your account once. Activate My Account Cart Free Healthbeat Signup Shop ▼ Subscribe Special Health Reports Books Account ▼ Cart Library Manage Print Subscriptions Edit Account Settings Customer Service Sign Out Sign In Search Heart Health Inside Heart Health: Blood Pressure Cholesterol Coronary Artery Disease Heart Attack Heart Failure Heart Medications Stroke Featured Content: Heartburn vs. heart attack » High “bad” cholesterol may raise heart risks all by itself » Spectator sports: How a high-stakes game may affect your heart » Strategies for sleep apnea » What to expect during an exercise stress test » See All In Case You Missed It: 5 ways to use less salt Salt is essential to the body. 7 ways to reduce stress and keep blood pressure down When it comes to preventing and treating high blood pressure, one often-overlooked strategy is managing stress. 3 diet changes to help lower cholesterol levels By lowering your blood LDL ("bad") cholesterol level, even if it is normal, you help reduce your chances of having a heart attack. Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Mind & Mood Inside Mind & Mood: Addiction Adult & Child ADHD Alzheimer's & Dementia Anxiety Depression Improving Memory Mental Health Positive Psychology Stress Featured Content: Are eating disorders just a teen problem? » From street drug to depression therapy » Antidepressants tied to weight gain » Does a virus cause Alzheimer’s? » Strengthen your mood with weight training » See All In Case You Missed It: Coping with anger while grieving If the death of someone you love has left you feeling angry or bitter, you might find it helpful to try the following techniques. Exercise can boost your memory and thinking skills Moderate-intensity exercise can help improve your thinking and memory in just six months. Depression and illness: Chicken or egg? When depression strikes, doctors usually probe what's going on in the mind and brain first. Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Pain Inside Pain: Arthritis Back Pain Headache Joint Replacement Other Pain Featured Content: The drug-free approach to pain management » Babying your back may delay healing » Moving away from knee osteoarthritis » What new opioid laws mean for pain relief » Early therapy helps people with low back pain avoid medication » See All In Case You Missed It: Why your feet get bigger as you age Image: iStockBy the time you reach your 50th birthday, you've prob-ably also reached another milestone: you've put 75,000 miles on your feet. Where to turn for pain relief - acetaminophen or NSAIDs? The first line of treatment for many knee and hip problems includes taking over-the-counter pain relievers. 6 signs that it may be time to have a joint replaced An ailing knee or a hip can make life miserable. Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Staying Healthy Inside Staying Healthy: Aging Balance & Mobility Diet & Weight Loss Energy & Fatigue Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Physical Activity Screening Tests for Men Screening Tests for Women Sleep Featured Content: Both high-carb and low-carb diets may be harmful to health » Can a gluten-free diet help my skin? » Don’t let winter put a chill on your vegetable intake » Larger waist size in older adults linked with lower cognitive function » What to order at the coffee shop » See All In Case You Missed It: Straight talk on 9 popular foot products For some body parts, the drugstore has little to offer. 6 ways you can prepare to “age well” You're probably already doing a lot to ensure that you stay in good health and are able to enjoy your later years: eating right, exercising, getting checkups and screenings as recommended by your doctor. Keeping bones strong Ounce for ounce, bone bears as much weight as reinforced concrete. Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Cancer Inside Cancer: Breast Cancer Colorectal Cancer Other Cancers Prostate Health & Disease Skin Cancer Featured Content: Specialized diet gets high marks for preventing cancer » Don’t wait until you turn 50 to screen for colon cancer » Is coffee harmful to my health? » Save your skin from cancer » Enough vitamin D may protect against some cancers » See All In Case You Missed It: Can diet help fight prostate cancer? Can adopting a healthier diet help fight prostate cancer? Most melanomas start as new spots Most melanomas come in the form of a new spot on the skin, not changes to an existing mole. Factors that increase your risk for a secondary cancer Several factors can make you more likely to develop a secondary cancer. Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Diseases & Conditions Inside Diseases & Conditions: Adult & Child ADHD Alzheimer's & Dementia Diabetes Digestive Health Heart Disease More Diseases & Conditions Osteoporosis Stroke Thyroid Diseases Featured Content: A deeper look at psoriasis » Bracing for flu season: Steps to protect yourself right now » Is that brain fog really adult ADHD? » What causes my sudden dizziness when I move? » What’s causing those swollen feet? » See All In Case You Missed It: Healthy eating for blood sugar control If you have diabetes, a healthy eating plan for you is not that different from a healthy eating planfor people withoutdiabetes. How to get more fiber in your diet To reduce your risk of getting diverticulitis, you should try and add high-fiber foods to each meal. Common causes of constipation Many factors can dispose a person to constipation. Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Men's Health Inside Men's Health: Erectile Dysfunction Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Men's Sexual Health Prostate Cancer Prostate Health & Disease Screening Tests for Men Featured Content: Straight talk about your sex life » Is prostate cancer linked with other cancers? » Men and urinary tract infections » Prostate screening guideline highlights patient choice » Depression in men: Getting the right treatment » See All In Case You Missed It: 5 natural ways to overcome erectile dysfunction Can you run as fast as you did when you were 20 years old? 4 tips for coping with an enlarged prostate When a man reaches about age 25, his prostate begins to grow. Can diet help fight prostate cancer? Can adopting a healthier diet help fight prostate cancer? Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Women's Health Inside Women's Health: Breast Health & Disease Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Menopause Osteoporosis Pregnancy Screening Tests for Women Women's Sexual Health Featured Content: Exercise can help you keep your bones strong » Is it safe for women to drink alcohol? » Screening guidelines for women: Incontinence and cervical cancer » Women with DCIS may benefit from radiation in addition to lumpectomy » HPV test may be better than traditional cervical cancer screening method » See All In Case You Missed It: Keeping bones strong Ounce for ounce, bone bears as much weight as reinforced concrete. Don't fall for these skin myths Think you know a lot about skin and skin care? What's your t-score? Bone density scans for osteoporosis Several technologies can assess bone density, but the most common is known as dual energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA). Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Children's Health Inside Children's Health: Adult & Child ADHD Autism Developmental Milestones Learning Disabilities Nutrition Nutrition for children Parenting Issues Physical Activity Vaccinations Featured Content: Should I worry about grandkids’ sports? » CPR Resource Center » School Lunches » Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children » Acute bronchitis » See All In Case You Missed It: Get the latest news on health and wellness delivered to your inbox! Home » Harvard Health Blog Harvard Health Blog Join the discussion with experts from Harvard Health Publishing and others like you on a variety of health topics, medical news and views. Personal sound amplification products: For some, an affordable alternative to hearing aids Posted November 8, 2018, 10:30 am David M. Vernick, MD Contributor Personal sound amplification products (PSAPs) are devices that provide some measure of hearing assistance, less than that of a full-fledged hearing aid but at a more reasonable price, that may encourage more people to accept hearing assistance and to do so starting younger. Read more » Comments 0 Topics Ear, nose, and throat | Health | Hearing Loss Medical scribes let the doctor focus on you Posted November 7, 2018, 10:30 am Adam Landman, MD, MS, MIS, MHS Contributor The use of medical scribes in doctor’s offices and other healthcare settings is growing in popularity. Using scribes is intended to shift the record-keeping responsibilities from physicians, allowing them to focus on patient care during visits. Read more » Comments 1 Topics Health | Health care Mindfulness apps: How well do they work? Posted November 6, 2018, 10:30 am James Cartreine, PhD Contributing Editor The goal of mindfulness training is to enhance well-being by increasing your awareness of the world around you through sensory immersion. People who are interested in trying mindfulness meditation may want to consider starting with a smartphone app. Read more » Comments 0 Topics Health | Mind body medicine | Stress No more counting sheep: Proven behaviors to help you sleep Posted November 5, 2018, 10:30 am Suzanne Bertisch, MD, MPH Contributor Millions of people have trouble sleeping, or don’t get enough quality sleep. Changes to your daytime habits and pre-bedtime behavior can consistently help you get better sleep. Read more » Comments 1 Topics Sleep | Stress | Yoga Coffee may help your skin stay healthy Posted November 2, 2018, 6:30 am Robert H. Shmerling, MD Faculty Editor, Harvard Health Publishing The cause of the skin condition rosacea is unknown, but some believe that immune system function plays a role. A new study found that women who had significant daily coffee consumption were less likely to be diagnosed with rosacea, but there is no proof that the connection is causal. Read more » Comments 0 Topics Health | Skin and Hair Care Helping a child with obsessive-compulsive disorder Posted November 1, 2018, 10:30 am Jacqueline Sperling, PhD Contributor If a child has obsessive-compulsive disorder, the condition affects everyone else in the family. Understanding OCD and learning helpful strategies to support the child can ease distress all around. Read more » Comments 0 Topics Behavioral Health | Brain and cognitive health | Children's Health | Mental Health | Parenting Where people die Posted October 31, 2018, 10:30 am Robert H. Shmerling, MD Faculty Editor, Harvard Health Publishing Most people would prefer not to die in a hospital if possible, though it’s not something people want to think about. While deaths of hospital patients, and those in emergency rooms, have been on the decline, end-of-life care and advance planning are still important considerations. Read more » Comments 1 Topics End of life | Health What parents need to know — and do — about e-cigarettes Posted October 30, 2018, 10:30 am Claire McCarthy, MD Faculty Editor, Harvard Health Publishing The rising use of e-cigarettes among adolescents is worrisome, because they still contain nicotine and because using them increases the likelihood of later tobacco use. Parents should educate themselves about these devices and the risks they pose. Read more » Comments 2 Topics Adolescent health | Health | Parenting Investigators unveil metastatic prostate cancer’s genomic landscape Posted October 29, 2018, 1:59 pm Charlie Schmidt Editor, Harvard Medical School Annual Report on Prostate Diseases Localized prostate cancer that is diagnosed before it has a chance to spread typically responds well to surgery or radiation. But when a tumor metastasizes and sends malignant cells elsewhere in the body, the prognosis worsens. Better treatments for men with metastatic prostate cancer are urgently needed. In 2018, scientists advanced toward that goal by […] Read more » Comments 1 Topics Living With Prostate Cancer | Prostate Knowledge Do I need orthotics? What kind? Posted October 29, 2018, 10:30 am James P. Ioli, DPM Contributor While many common foot conditions can be helped with a pair of orthotic shoe inserts, they are not the solution for every problem, and there are different types of orthotics for different applications. But before investing in orthotics, you may want to consider a new pair of shoes. Read more » Comments 6 Topics Foot Care | Health ← Older posts Sign Up Now For HEALTHbeat Our FREE E-Newsletter Get weekly health information and advice from the experts at Harvard Medical School. Recent Posts Personal sound amplification products: For some, an affordable alternative to hearing aids Nov 08, 2018 Medical scribes let the doctor focus on you Nov 07, 2018 Mindfulness apps: How well do they work? Nov 06, 2018 No more counting sheep: Proven behaviors to help you sleep Nov 05, 2018 Coffee may help your skin stay healthy Nov 02, 2018 Most Commented Harvard to USDA: Check out the Healthy Eating Plate 313 Comments Treating prostatitis: Any cause for optimism? 272 Comments Going gluten-free just because? Here's what you need to know 257 Comments How to handle a relapse after treatment for prostate cancer 242 Comments Does frequent ejaculation help ward off prostate cancer? 233 Comments Archive 2018 November October September August July June May April March February January 2017 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2016 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2015 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2014 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2013 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2012 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2011 December November October September August July June May April March February January 2010 December November October September August 2009 December November October September June April March February Our Experts Howard LeWine, M.D. Chief Medical Editor, Harvard Health Publishing Nancy Ferrari Managing Editor, Harvard Health Publishing Heidi Godman Executive Editor, Harvard Health Letter Kelly Bilodeau Executive Editor, Harvard Women's Health Watch Matthew Solan Executive Editor, Harvard Men's Health Watch Julie Corliss Executive Editor, Harvard Heart Letter View all of our experts » Harvard Health Bestsellers Better Balance: Simple exercises to improve stability and prevent falls Understanding Inflammation Controlling Your Blood Pressure The Benefits of Probiotics: Using good bacteria for better health A Guide to Cognitive Fitness Follow Harvard Health Publishing Become a Fan on Facebook » Follow us on Twitter » Subscribe to our RSS Feed » Disclaimer: The contents displayed within this public group(s), such as text, graphics, and other material ("Content") are intended for educational purposes only. The Content is not intended to substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your healthcare provider with any questions you may have regarding your medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read in a public group(s). If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your healthcare provider or 911 immediately. Any mention of products or services is not meant as a guarantee, endorsement, or recommendation of the products, services, or companies. Reliance on any information provided is solely at your own risk. Please discuss any options with your healthcare provider. The information you share, including that which might otherwise be Protected Health Information, to this site is by design open to the public and is not a private, secure service. You should think carefully before disclosing any personal information in any public forum. What you have written may be seen, disclosed to, or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you or otherwise be used for unauthorized or unlawful purposes. As with any public forum on any site, this information may also appear in third-party search engines like Google, MSN, Yahoo, etc. Your use of this site is governed by Harvard University and its affiliates Terms of Use located at www.health.harvard.edu/privacy-policyand may be amended from time to time. View Less The contents displayed within this public group(s), such as text, graphics, and other material ("Content") are intended for educational purposes only. The Content is not intended to substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. . . . View More Topics Addiction Adolescent health Alcohol Bones and joints Concussions Environmental health Fatigue Fertility Folk remedies Food as medicine Health Addiction Allergies Alzheimer's Disease Anxiety and Depression Arthritis Asthma Autoimmune diseases Back Pain Behavioral Health Brain and cognitive health Breast Cancer Cancer Caregiving Children's Health Cold and Flu Complementary and alternative medicine Dental Health Diabetes Diet and Weight Loss Digestive Disorders Drugs and Supplements Ear, nose, and throat Emergency Planning End of life Exercise and Fitness Eye Health Family Planning and Pregnancy First Aid Foot Care Genes Headache Health care Health care disparities Health policy Healthy Aging Healthy Eating Hearing Loss Heart Health Hypertension and Stroke Incontinence Infectious diseases Injuries Kidney and urinary tract Lung disease Managing your health care Medical Research Memory Men's Health Menopause Mental Health Migraines Mind body medicine Neurological conditions Osteoarthritis Osteoporosis Pain Management Parenting Pets Pregnancy Prevention Prostate Health Radiation Safety Screening Sex Sexual Conditions Skin and Hair Care Sleep Smoking cessation Stress Surgery Tests and procedures Thyroid Disorders Travel health Vaccines Women's Health Workplace health Yoga Health trends HIV Marijuana Memory Probiotics Prostate Knowledge BPH Diagnosis ED Hematospermia Living With Prostate Cancer Prostatic Intraepithelial Neoplasia Prostatitis Q & A Risks and Prevention Screening Treatments Vitamins and supplements Home Sign up for HEALTHbeat Subscribe Special Health Repo