For Professionals Menu Pregnancy & Parenting Sex & Relationships Healthy Living Healthy Aging Diseases & Conditions Policy Center Take charge of your health. Sign up for HealthyWomen newsletters: Choose Newsletter Article Service HealthiHer Healthy Sex Healthy Pregnancy Healthy News Professional News Everything You Need to Know About Endometriosis Are You a Caregiver Neglecting Yourself? How to Sign Up for Health Insurance 10-Minute Health Hacks Trending Most Recent Editor's Picks 10 Signs You Have a Leaky Gut—and How to Heal It This condition is not typically diagnosed but could be affecting the health of many people. share How to Drink Green Tea for Weight Loss If you want to lose weight, consider drinking more green tea. Just 2.5 cups per day can help you drop unwanted pounds. share 9 Warning Signs of Cervical Cancer You Shouldn't Ignore Cervical cancer is one of the few cancers that can be prevented. Know how to prevent it and know the warning signs. share 7 Things to Ease Your Flu Miseries Flu season is winding down, but it's not over. Learn how to lessen your flu risk and how to feel better if you get the flu. share Signs of High Testosterone in Women Find out what happens when testosterone levels in women are too high. share 19 Ways to Boost Your Fertility If you've been trying several months to conceive and have not been successful, check out these tips to boost your fertility. share Heavy Menstrual Bleeding: Symptoms and Treatment Is heavy menstrual bleeding interfering with your life? Learn about treatment options that can help share The Reality behind Testosterone Therapy Diffuse the myths and learn the facts. share The Vaginal Infection Many Women Ignore If you think you may have a vaginal infection, take note of these signs of bacterial vaginosis share Previous Next How to Keep Toxins from Your Home The average home may be riddled with substances that are potentially toxic. Here’s how to clean house. share Marijuana Use Tied to Serious Diabetes Complication People with type 1 diabetes who use marijuana may double their risk of developing a life-threatening complication. share Common Misconceptions About Liver Cancer Liver cancer is often called a "silent" disease because symptoms are rarely visible in the early stages. Misconceptions often surround this stealthy disease. share If You're a Caregiver, Check Out Caregiver Action Network Being a caregiver can make you feel alone and overwhelmed. The Caregiver Action Network wants to help and support caregivers through education, peer support and resources. share Home Health-Care Tests: Proceed With Caution Home pregnancy tests are commonplace, but that doesn't mean that every type of self-test for health issues is reliable. share Sleepy Drivers Involved in 100,000 Crashes a Year Few people think twice about getting behind the wheel when feeling drowsy, a sleep expert warns. share An Ounce of Prevention Is Worth a Pound of Cure Pain has an annoying way of creeping up on you and settling in to stay. These tips can help you prevent pain, so you won't have to get rid of it. share Why Bystanders Are Less Likely to Give CPR to Women Some bystanders may avoid performing CPR on women because they fear hurting them. share A Single Energy Drink Might Harm Blood Vessels Caffeine-laden energy drinks are popular, but they might make your blood vessels less efficient. share Previous Next Now Is the Time to Sign Up for Health Insurance and We Can Help Let's make this year’s open enrollment period for the Affordable Care Act (ACA) a little easier. Check it out. share Who Do You Talk To About Menopause? Please take this quick survey about the conversations you have regarding menopause. share #BeHealthiHER Make self-care a priority in your everyday life, so you can ultimately become a "healthier her"—for yourself and your family. share Flu Education Resource for HCPs Proactively speak about the importance of an annual influenza vaccination. This resource can help guide the conversation. share AFib and Blood Thinner Reversal Treatments: What You Need to Know Did you know there are reversal treatments for some blood thinners used to reduce the risk of stroke with AFib? share Living Well With AFib Those who have AFib should be well aware of these things: living a healthy lifestyle and reducing stroke risk. share Common Blood-Thinning Medication Questions People With AFib Ask Here are some frequently asked questions that may help you better understand how blood-thinning medication works and some risks. share When A Reversal Agent May Be Needed For Your Blood-Thinning Medication There are some instances when a reversal treatment may be needed to reverse the effect of a blood-thinning medication. share Do You Trust Your Supplement Labels? If you’re unsure that the ingredients on dietary supplement labels are the actual ingredients in the supplements, you’re not alone. share Previous Next Featured Content Now Is The Time To Sign Up For Health Insurance And We Can Help share Let's make this year’s open enrollment period for the Affordable Care Act (ACA) a little easier. Check it out. What Do Researchers Know About Endometriosis Now? share To help deepen our endo understanding, we asked gynecologist Mary Jane Minkin, MD to give us the latest update on research targeting this often-painful disorder. What Are Your Options For Managing Endometriosis? share Our CEO, Beth Battaglino, offers an overview of treatment options and the questions to consider asking your healthcare provider (HCP) before deciding what's right for you. What Do We Know About Endometriosis, Its Symptoms And Risk Factors? share There's no denying that endometriosis (sometimes referred to as "endo") can be painful. It can also be confusing, concerning and more common than many people think. What You Don't Know About Endometriosis Could Hurt You share As common as endometriosis (or "endo") is—affecting an estimated one in 10 women of reproductive age—its diagnosis is often delayed, sometimes by as much as six to 10 years. Healthy Aging Who Do You Talk To About Menopause? share #BeHealthiHER share Make self-care a priority in your everyday life, so you can ultimately become a "healthier her"—for yourself and your family. More Features Categories Pregnancy & Parenting Sex & Relationships Healthy Living Healthy Aging Diseases & Conditions Trending 10 Signs You Have a Leaky Gut—and How to Heal It March 29, 2018 How to Drink Green Tea for Weight Loss July 11, 2018 9 Warning Signs of Cervical Cancer You Shouldn't Ignore June 07, 2018 ask the expert Q: I am 52 years old and have not had a period for three months. Now, my breasts hurt so bad I can hardly sleep on them. They're sore and tender all the time. In the past, they have been sore right before my period for a couple days, but never for this long. Do I need to worry about anything, or is this probably menopause setting in? read more What you Don't Know About Endometriosis—But Should Tools Target Heart Rate Body Mass Index Calculator Due Date Calculator Fatigue Severity Scale Quit Smoking Ovulation Calculator About Us Staff Board of Directors Advisory Groups Partners and Supporters Editorial Policy Publications News & Media Job Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Use Republishing Policy Contributor Policy Contact Us Site Map Take charge of your health. Sign up for HealthyWomen newsletters: Choose Newsletter Article Service HealthiHer Healthy Sex Healthy Pregnancy Healthy News Professional News Call Us: 1-877-986-9472 (toll-free) © 2018 National Women's Health Resource Center, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproducing content presented on this site in any form is prohibited wi