Jump to navigation Free Downloads Contact Us FOLLOW US Search form Search Health Newsletters & Daily Tips Testimonials   I LOVE YOU.  , Book Review Jennifer Clark More Testimonials Harmful Effects of Stress on Your Brain - 11/8/2018 New research suggests, perhaps not surprisingly, that unchecked stress can be harmful to your brain.  Learn more... Choose Organic Foods for Cancer Protection - 11/6/2018 According to new research that suggests organic foods can help provide protection from cancer, that extra money may be well worth it in the end. The Mainstream Media and Detoxing - 11/3/2018 In the end, we can sum up the latest hullabaloo about detoxing as an inaccurate interpretation of a valid study by a mainstream nutritionist aided and abetted by bad journalism. About the Foundation The Baseline of Health Foundation® provides free natural health information covering hundreds of natural remedies for virtually every ailment. We do not offer medical advice. Our natural health programs, from detoxing to weight loss and immunity, support the comprehensive health guidelines outlined in Jon Barron’s free alternative health book, Lessons from The Miracle Doctors.   If you are a new visitor, we highly recommend that you start with Jon Barron's book so you understand his underlying concept--you are only as strong as your weakest link.  For example, you can have the perfect diet and take all kinds of supplements, but if your body is loaded with toxic heavy metals or your colon is clogged with dead fecal matter, you will never achieve optimum health. Jon Barron has outlined a series of steps to help your body throw off disease, and keep it from returning. His program is designed to maximize your body's defense and repair mechanisms so that you never get sick in the first place.  It can even maximize athletic performance.  Thousands have experienced remarkable healings by using it.   To start, we have a free download of the first edition of his book, a free audio version, or you can purchase the expanded hardcover edition.  We also have a free bi-weekly health newsletter covering the latest health news and issues, and a daily health tip delivered right to your mailbox every morning.  Or, simply search a health topic on our site and read through the hundreds of articles on health and wellness.  We are here to help you get healthy naturally… and stay healthy. Read Listen Watch Learn Lessons From the Miracle Doctors Lessons from the Miracle Doctors Step By Step Guide to Optimum Health and Relief From Catastrophic Illness. (407 Page Expanded Edition) Just $14.95 Buy Today! Read More... Listen Heart Disease in Ancient Civilization Researchers have found atherosclerosis in one-third of ancient mummies that they have discovered and it's surprising to hear that this is the same rate of the disease as we have in modern times. View Now Watch Natural Dental Health and Remedies Jon Barron is discussing natural dental health, the effects of energy drinks, root canals and plaque in this latest video. Learn about natural health remedies for dental care from the Baseline of Health founder himself. View Now Health Newsletters & Daily Tips Harmful Effects of Stress on Your Brain New research suggests, perhaps not surprisingly, that unchecked stress can be harmful to your brain.  Learn more... Learn Now Home Free Book Free Download Free Audio Book Book Testimonials Products How To Detox Detox 1: Colon Detox & Intestinal Cleanse Detox 2: Heavy Metal Cleanse Detox 3: Kidney Detox Detox 4: Liver Detox Detox 5: Blood Detox Detox Testimonials Health Articles Featured Articles Blog Barron Reports Newsletter Archive Health Topics Health & Wellness Disorders & Conditions Body Systems Herbal Library Herbs Nutraceuticals Foods Programs Baseline Natural Anti-Aging Program Heart Health Strong Immunity Diabetes Weight Loss Athletic Performance Media Read Listen Watch About Us Don't just flush the colon, do a full body detox that focuses on all organs. Learn more... Jon Barron's book summarized into a step-by-step health program. Learn how to look and feel vibrant through powerful, natural anti-aging secrets. Free yourself of colds, flus, and autoimmune diseases. Manage blood sugar levels naturally with clinically proven techniques. Heart disease can not only be prevented, but reversed...naturally! Tired of the same weight loss program? Athletic performance can be optimized through the right dietary supplements. Jon Barron recommends natural health remedies through his detailed Barron Reports. Detox Program Baseline Program Anti-Aging Immunity Diabetes Heart Health Weight Loss Athletes Supplements Free Email Newsletter Also get Jon's Heart Health Report and a bonus book. FREE! Visit the Health Blog Follow Our Pins Follow Our Podcasts Become a Facebook Fan Follow Us on Twitter Health Topics Cancer Weight Loss Diabetes Enzymes All Health Topics Programs Full Body Detox Colon Detox Heavy Metal Detox Kidney Detox Liver Detox Blood Detox Baseline Natural Anti-Aging Strong Immunity Weight Loss Heart Health Diabetes Athletic Performance Health Articles Free Health Book Newsletter Archive Barron Reports Health Blog Products Digestive Enzymes Proteolytic Enzymes Best Super Foods Probiotics Antioxidants Anti-Aging Formula Joint Pain & Inflammation Sugar Metabolic Enhancers Cold & Flu Busters About Us Jon Barron Facts Jon Barron Biography Foundation Mission Foundation FAQS Press Room Content Share Program Contact Us Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy We respect your right to privacy. Therefore, we do not sell, or share any names or information to third parties or other mailing lists. Liability Statement The statements found within these pages have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. If a product or treatment is recommended in these pages, it is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. The information contained herein is meant to be used to educate the reader and is in no way intended to provide individual medical advice. Medical advice must only be obtained from a qualified health practitioner. Copyright © 1999-2018 The Baseline of Health Foundation. All rights reserved.  Sitemap» Baseline of Health® is a Registered