  HomeParentsTeachersKidsGiveawaysNourish StoreBlogAbout Us   SearchFree Signup!Login Free Signup! Top Picks Free Printables Food Groups-Balanced Meals Five Food Groups Breakfast Lunch Dinner My Plate Printables My Plate Telling The Time - Mealtime Puerto Rico - My Plate Food Pyramid Rainbow Foods Dairy Group Fun Fruit Group Fun Grains Group Fun Protein Group Fun Vegetable Group Fun Potatoes Other Foods Minerals Calcium Fiber Vitamins Health Educator Resources Parents Handouts Chef Solus Game Materials Broccoli Brad Pediatrician Visit Sheet Nutrition Vocabulary Nutrition Alphabets Nutrition Words Nutrition Definitions Portions and Serving Size Food labels Farm To Table Fun Food Distribution Channels Farming Fun Farm Animals Farmers Market Grocery Shopping Kids Cooking Activities Cooking Fun Measuring and Amounts Recipe Books Cooking Vocabulary Kids Garden Activities Food Safety Fun Food Safety In The Kitchen Hand Washing Menus-Meal Plans Meal Plans-2-3 yrs Meal Plans-4-8 yrs Meal Plans-9 yrs or older Healthy Kids Calendars Healthy Foods Calendar Holiday-Themed Calendars Make Your Own Calendar Healthy Goals Pledge Sheets Healthy Goals Tracking Sheets Get Moving Healthy Anatomy Healthy Heart Food Allergies Group Activities-Games Bingo Food Groups Game Nutrition Conversation Cards Nutrition Flash Cards Food Groups Matching Game Activities For Kids Bookmarks Lunch Box Messages Nutrition Puzzles Crossword Puzzles Jigsaw Puzzles Mazes Unscramble Word Puzzles Word Search Summer Printables Greeting Cards Valentine's Day Cards Mother's Day Cards Father's Day Cards Christmas Day Cards Dietitian's Day Nurse's Day Teacher's Day Valentine’s Day St Patrick’s Day Easter Activities Mother’s Day Father's Day Healthy Halloween Activities Thanksgiving Activities Healthy Christmas Activities More Holiday Fun New Years Day President's Day National Nutrition Month Cinco de Mayo Holiday Printables for Kids 4th of July Certificates Daily Health Tips Healthy Tip Categories Healthy Tip Lists Parenting Nutrition Advice How To Help Kids Make Healthier Choices Psychology To Healthier Eating Family Meals and Cooking TIps Breakfast Lunch Ideas Snack time Family Mealtime Cooking At Home Eating Out Tips Back To School For Kids Foods That Create A Balanced Meal-My Plate Five Food Groups Fruit Group Vegetables Group Grains Group Dairy Group Protein Group Essential Nutrients Calcium Fiber Iron Healthy Oils Portion Control-Healthy Servings Vegetarian-Vegan Child Hydration, Drinks and Kids Grocery Shopping TIps Organics, Farmers' Markets, GMOs Food Labels Healthy Holiday Summer Foods Being Active Kids and TV Food Safety Guidelines Food Allergies Resources Food Marketing and Kids Healthy Child Childhood Obesity BMI Eating Out Restaurant and Fast Food Guide Healthy Asian Food Panda Express Menu Healthy Deli Foods Subway Menu Healthy Mexican Foods Taco Bell Menu Healthy Italian-Pizza Dominoes Menu Pizza Hut Menu Amerigroup Links Fitness and Wellness Resources Mom Blog Sites Nutrition Tools Meal Planner Smart Snack Calculator Food Label Tool My Plate Interactive Food Pyramid Nutrient Tool Nutrition Dictionary BMI Calculator What's Cooking With Chef Solus Breakfast Dessert Dinner Drink Lunch Snack Vegan Vegan Vegetarian Vegetarian After School Snack Recipes After School Snack Recipes Half Time Game Snacks Dairy Recipes Dairy Recipes Holiday Recipes Valentine Party Snack Recipes St. Patrick's Day Recipes Easter Snack Recipes Cinco De Mayo Mother's Day Breakfast Recipes Father's Day Lunch Patriotic Snacks Halloween Snacks Thanksgiving Meal Christmas Party Recipes Kids Fruits Recipes Kids Fruits Recipes Kids Grains Recipes Kids Grains Recipes Kids Protein Recipes Kids Protein Recipes Kids Vegetable Recipes Kids Vegetable Recipes Potato Recipes Potato Recipes Nutrition Games and Features How Games Teach Nutrition Game Features List of Nutrition Games Food Group Games Healthy Harvest Maze Game Information Chef Solus Food Pyramid Game Pyramid Game Learning Objectives Balanced Meal Games Food Label Game Information Healthy Messages Games-Stories BMI Game Vocabulary Games Members Special Features Top Picks Organizer Your Avatar My Page Apple Rating and Comments Feature Educators Role Parents Role Contact Us   Member Login Keep me logged in   Forget your Password? Confirm your membership Not a member yet? Free Membership Sign Up  Cancel       Blog Categories Active KidsAdvertising To KidsBeveragesChildhood ObesityChildren Nutrition NewsContests & GiveawaysCooking With KidsFamily HealthFamily MealsFast FoodsFood Savings Tips CouponsGrocery Shopping TipsHealthy ChildHealthy Family ResourcesHealthy HabitsHealthy Holiday TipsHealthy RecipesHealthy SnackingInfographicsKids GamesKids Healthy Eating TipsMy Plate-Food PyramidNourishing Product ReviewsNourish Interactive NewsNutrition EducationOrganic FoodsRewards For KidsSchool Nutrition       Recent Blog Posts 6 Exciting Ways to Mix Up t... How Parents Can Fight the W... Your Growing Teens Need to ... Spice up your coffee Is running on a treadmill i...         Follow Us               Home » Blog My Picks Your TOP PICK - Content Organizer ToolPlease log in or sign up.  Share this Page!   email  print   share  tweet         Family Nutrition Blog   Our blog ‘Nourishing Thoughts’ keeps families informed on current nutrition news, fun kid-friendly nutrition tips to encourage healthy food, nutrition, and exercise choices, nutrition articles, and interactive tools for parents. Our healthy nutrition blog is for parents, teachers, and everyone who is interested in kids' health and nutrition. Often, we will have weekly themes about healthy habits.  The topic is discussed on Mondays, we follow up with a fun informative infographic that provides key facts about the topic, finishing up on Friday with some great materials and resources to use to bring that topic to home, school or wherever you are working with children to promote healthier habits! Enjoy. Receive our blog posts by email or subscribe using your favorite online reader About Maggie I am a nurse and a mother of two.  I am also the founder of Nourish Interactive. I am very concerned about the health and well being of our children.  I started the Nourishing Thoughts Blog so that I could help parents keep up on the latest trends in children’s nutrition and exercise.  I know that much like reading and writing is the foundation for learning, nutrition is the foundation for healthy children.  But with so many new studies, products and trends constantly being reported it is hard to keep up.  I just want to make it a little easier for parents by doing some of the legwork and providing you with up to date information.   Jun 09, 2017 6 Exciting Ways to Mix Up the Old Dinner Routine 6 Exciting Ways to Mix Up the Old Dinner RoutineIt&rsquo;s 5 o&rsquo;clock and you are dreading the same boring dinner routine. So are your kids. Statistics show that many American families, 75 percent, eat together at least four nights per wee... Jun 07, 2017 How Parents Can Fight the War on Junk Food How Parents Can Fight the War on Junk Food When you think about a healthy diet, what comes to mind? Three square meals, fruits and veggies? Low carb, no sugar? There is so much information in circulation today that it can be hard to know where ... Apr 12, 2017 Your Growing Teens Need to Know How to Read Nutrition Labels Your Growing Teens Need to Know How to Read Nutrition Labels As a parent, you have worked to make sure that your offspring remain healthy and happy. As teenagers, they grow ever closer to leading their own independent, adult lives. It is, there... Apr 03, 2017 Spice up your coffee Spice Up Your Coffee:Preservative-Free Homemade Coffee Creamer and More!For some, a hot cup of morning coffee is the best part of waking up. It gets even better when delicious creamers are added to the mix. They are perfect for savoring sea... Mar 31, 2017 Is running on a treadmill important for kids to lose weight Is running on a treadmill important for kids to lose weight?Contrary to popular belief, the body of a child is extremely strong. But then again it all depends on how that child was raised. Twenty years ago we didn&rsquo;t have the advanced technolo... Mar 27, 2017 Healthy Foods You Need After Your Workout Healthy Foods You Need After Your WorkoutWorking out and sweating can do wonders for your body. It can help you shed excess pounds. It can tone you up. It can even enhance your mood significantly. If you want to work out the right way, however, you... Feb 17, 2017 Health Benefits From Switching to Organic Diet Health Benefits From Switching to Organic DietWe have all noticed the growing popularity of organic foods. Many food companies have altered their recipes to include alternative sweeteners, whole grains, and some are even taking the organic rout... Feb 01, 2017 Healthy, Quick Meal ideas for Busy Families Healthy, Quick Meal ideas for Busy FamiliesFeeding kids can be difficult at the best of times. You want to make sure they are eating all the right things, yet they can be fussy about what they like. Then you worry you just eat the same five meals a... Nov 17, 2016 Choosing Foods Your Heart Will Like The key to eating healthy is eating to lower your risk of illness and disease. The healthier your body and mind becomes, the more resistance you have to ailments both great and small. According to Harvard Medical School's Health Center, choosing health... Nov 10, 2016 Five Exercises to Keep Kids Active in the Winter Found this fun and informative infographic that I thought you might enjoy! It is that time of the year where food is in abundance and exercise, not so much.   ← Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … 133 134 Next →         Guest Bloggers Welcome Submit a blog to Nourishing Thoughts Blog.               Our Website Home Free Sign Up New Features About Our Games Play Demo Game Link to Us Advertising Policy Visitors Comments Sitemap Contact Us Kids Fun Nutrition Section Food Group Games Nutrition Word Games Food Label Game Healthy Kids Story Time Fun Farm Games Healthy Active Kids Games Healthy Meal Games Fun Preschool Games Fun Arts and Crafts Promoting Fun Exercise Parents' Healthy Eating Section Family Nutrition Blog Printable Family Nutrition Tips Daily Health Tip Calendar Family Goals & Tracking Sheets Nutrition Tools Healthy Family Nutrition Articles Family Resources Healthy Recipes Health Educators' Section Nutrition Lesson Plans Nutrition and Health Worksheets My Plate Food Groups Cooking with Kids Fun Healthy Handouts Print A Flyer Teaching Nutrition - Games and Tools Childhood Obesity Resources Clinical Studies About Us Press - News Meet Our Partners Showcase Links to Us Advisory Board Sponsorship - Advertising Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimer FAQ   Nourish Interactive is a free interactive website available in English and Spanish. Visit www.NourishInteractive.com for free nutrition education materials. Copyright © 2008-2018 Nourish Interactive, All Rights Reserved The photos displayed on this website were purchased legally from iClipart.com, istockphoto.com, and dreamstime.com. All clipart displayed on this we