WHAT WE DO ▼ SERVICES HOW WE'RE DIFFERENT 24/7 ACCESS PRIMARY CARE TEAM LOCATIONS INSURANCE MEMBERSHIP FOR EMPLOYERS Log In Join Today Locations Primary Care Team What We Do Services How We're Different 24/7 Access Insurance Membership Join Today Log In × Close Home Get Well ADD/ADHD Allergies Arthritis Cancer Cold and Flu Depression Diabetes Digestive Health Heartburn/GERD Hypertension Insomnia Natural Remedies Stress UTIs Yeast Infections Live Well Aging Well Eye Health Fitness Health Tech Healthy Lifestyle Heart Health LGBT Health Men’s Health Mental Health Natural Health Pregnancy Sexual Health Skin Health Sleep Supplements Traveler’s Health Women’s Health Workplace Health Eat Well Diets Food as Medicine Gluten-Related Recipes Urban Eats Weight Loss Healthy Workplace News Health Insurance Health News Infographics One Medical News Provider Interviews All Articles Live Well 11.8.2018 Is there a connection between gut bacteria and your health? Sacha Duchene Gut health refers to the collection of bacteria that aid digestion and help keep things moving through your intestines. But is there more to it than that?... Share This: Live Well 11.8.2018 6 Surprising Facts About Men and Sex Michelle Konstantinovsky Last updated on November 8th, 2018. “Bigger is better.” “Only gay guys are into that.” “Think unsexy thoughts, think unsexy... Share This: Cold and Flu 11.8.2018 10 popular flu season myths: fact or fiction? Riley Steinmetz Last updated November 8th, 2018. Every year when flu season begins, new rumors begin flying and the old standards pop back up. You’ve heard many of... Share This: Get Well 11.8.2018 How to Relieve Insomnia Without Medication: Part 1 Ellen Vora, MD Last updated November 8th, 2018. Feeling sleepy? You’re not alone. According to the CDC, on any given day, as many as one in five adults suffers from... Share This: Health Guides 10.10.2018 Electronic cigarettes: A step to quitting smoking or another unhealthy alternative? Alexandra Hobson, FNP Whether at a party or walking down the street, vaping has been on the rise as an alternative to smoking. Some people choose to vape thinking it’s a... Share This: Healthy Lifestyle 9.20.2018 Practicing mindfulness Maggie Rowedda Mindfulness, the ever-so-popular buzzword you’ve probably heard recently. It’s all the rage in the wellness community, but is it all it’s... Share This: Diets 8.30.2018 Do the health benefits of matcha match the hype? Robyn Hoke Matcha, matcha, matcha. This gorgeously green tea seems to be getting a whole lot of attention these days. But does it live up to the healthy hype? Check out... Share This: Pediatrics 8.9.2018 How to handle your kids’ mystery ailments Michelle Konstantinovsky Parental pop quiz: your kid comes home from school with a stomachache — do you limit their Flamin’ Hot Cheetos intake or head straight to the... Share This: Health 101 8.7.2018 Could it be appendicitis? Malcolm Thaler, MD You son or daughter comes to you complaining of belly pain and you wonder — is my child just trying to get out of another day at school (again!) or is... Share This: Cold and Flu 8.2.2018 3 vital vaccines for mom and baby One Medical As flu season rolls around, you may be thinking about whether it’s time for your flu shot — but what about your child? Even if your child is... Share This: Live Well 7.25.2018 What your PCP can do for you Michelle Konstantinovsky When was the last time you saw your primary care physician? If your response to that is, “who?” then it’s time to have a talk. If... Share This: Healthy Workplace 7.24.2018 How to get more employees to take advantage of telemedicine Kathryn Ross Most employers today are adding telemedicine to their health benefits package in an effort to reduce costs and improve access to care. The thinking is,... Share This: Subscribe to Email Updates Most Popular Practicing mindfulness What your PCP can do for you How to stay healthy during allergy season Get Well How to Relieve Insomnia Without Medication: Part 1 Understanding and treating panic attacks A guide to drug formularies and generics Live Well Is there a connection between gut bacteria and your health? 6 Surprising Facts About Men and Sex 10 popular flu season myths: fact or fiction? Eat Well Do the health benefits of matcha match the hype? How to make your own nut or seed milk 7 steps to mindful eating Newsworthy What you need to know about home genetic testing 10 healthy reasons to drink coffee 7 ways to prevent mosquito bites Next OUR LOCATIONS Boston Chicago Los Angeles New York Phoenix San Francisco Bay Area Seattle Washington DC OUR STORY About Us Jobs Blog Mobile App Health Resources Sitemap GET IN TOUCH Help Feedback Media Inquiries Where Should We Go Next? Employer Partnerships Practice Integration OUR POLICIES Privacy Policy HIPAA Terms of Service Terms of Use The Best Local Doctors Our experienced doctors apply a modern approach and a caring touch to provide you with the highest quality health care in your area. Find out how. STAY IN TOUCH One Medical members also have access to offices in Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, New York, Phoenix, Washington DC Copyright ©2017 1Life Healthcare, Inc.  All rights reserved. CATEGORIES Home Get Well ADD/ADHD Allergies Arthritis Cancer Cold and Flu Depression Diabetes Digestive Health Heartburn/GERD Hypertension Insomnia Natural Remedies Stress UTIs Yeast Infections Live Well Aging Well Eye Health Fitness Health Tech Healthy Lifestyle Heart Health LGBT Health Men’s Health Mental Health Natural Health Pregnancy Sexual Health Skin Health Sleep Supplements Traveler’s Health Women’s Health Workplace Health Eat Well Diets Food as Medicine Gluten-Related Recipes Urban Eats Weight Loss Healthy Workplace News Health Insurance H