Your source for the latest research news Follow Subscribe Just In: Replaying the Tape of Life: Is It Possible? Florida Monarch Butterflies in Steep Decline Bees On the Brink: Pesticide Exposure Ancient Child's Tooth: Alaska's Early ... DNA of World's Oldest Natural Mummy Early Settlement of Andean Highlands Reptile Tracks Oldest Ever Found in Grand Canyon How Do Humans Think? Unknown Migrations from North to South America Energy from Sun and Outer Space at Same Time advertisement Follow all of ScienceDaily's latest research news and top science headlines! Top Science News November 8, 2018 DNA of World's Oldest Natural Mummy Unknown Migrations from North to South America Orangutans Re-Invent the Hook Goffin's Cockatoos Can Create Novel Tools Nov. 8, 2018 — A wide ranging international study that genetically analysed the DNA of a series of famous and controversial ancient remains across North and South ... read more Archaeology Ancient Civilizations Ancient DNA Nov. 8, 2018 — A team has used genome-wide ancient DNA data to revise Central and South American history. Their analysis of DNA from 49 individuals spanning about ... read more Origin of Life Fossils Ancient Civilizations Nov. 8, 2018 — Cognitive biologists and comparative psychologists have just studied hook tool making in a non-human primate species -- the orangutan. To the researchers' surprise the apes spontaneously manufactured ... read more Apes Birds Fish Nov. 7, 2018 — Goffin's cockatoos can tear cardboard into long strips as tools to reach food -- but fail to adjust strip width to fit through narrow openings, according to a new ... read more Birds Food Mice advertisement Latest Top Headlines updated 11:15pm EST History of Early Settlement and Survival in Andean Highlands Revealed by Ancient Genomes Nov. 8, 2018 — A multi-center study of the genetic remains of people who settled thousands of years ago in the Andes Mountains of South America reveals a complex picture of human adaptation from early settlement, to a split about 9,000 years ago between high and ... read more RELATED TOPICS Origin of Life Fossils Evolution Navigating Our Thoughts: Fundamental Principles of Thinking Nov. 8, 2018 — Humans think using their brain's navigation system: Researchers combine individual threads of evidence to form a theory of ... read more RELATED TOPICS Intelligence Neuroscience Brain-Computer Interfaces How Do Babies Laugh? Like Chimps! Nov. 7, 2018 — Few things can delight an adult more easily than the uninhibited, effervescent laughter of a baby. Yet baby laughter, a new study shows, differs from adult laughter in a key way: Babies laugh as they both exhale and inhale, in a manner that is remarkably similar to ... read more RELATED TOPICS Relationships Child Development Infant and Preschool Learning Bioreactor Device Helps Frogs Regenerate Their Legs Nov. 6, 2018 — Scientists havedesigned a device that can induce partial hindlimb regeneration in adult aquatic African clawed frogs (Xenopus laevis) by 'kick-starting' tissue repair at the amputation site. Their findings introduce a new model for testing 'electroceuticals,' or ... read more RELATED TOPICS Frogs and Reptiles Disability Biotechnology and Bioengineering Harvesting Renewable Energy from the Sun and Outer Space at the Same Time Nov. 8, 2018 — Scientists have demonstrated for the first time that heat from the sun and coldness from outer space can be collected simultaneously with a single device. Their research suggests that devices for harvesting solar and space energy will not compete for land space and can actually help each other ... read more RELATED TOPICS Sun Energy and the Environment Solar Flare Aging a Flock of Stars in the Wild Duck Cluster Nov. 8, 2018 — The way they move belies the true ages of the almost 3,000 stars populating one of the richest star clusters known. Astronomers recently discovered the stars all were born in the same generation, solving a long-standing puzzle about how ... read more RELATED TOPICS Stars Galaxies Astronomy Graphene Takes a Step Towards Renewable Fuel Nov. 7, 2018 — Researchers are working to develop a method to convert water and carbon dioxide to the renewable energy of the future, using the energy from the sun and graphene applied to the surface of cubic silicon carbide. They have now taken an important step towards this goal, and developed a method that ... read more RELATED TOPICS Graphene Spintronics Materials Science Astronomers Find Pairs of Black Holes at the Centers of Merging Galaxies Nov. 7, 2018 — For the first time, a team of astronomers has observed several pairs of galaxies in the final stages of merging together into single, larger galaxies. Peering through thick walls of gas and dust surrounding the merging galaxies' messy cores, the research team captured pairs of supermassive black ... read more RELATED TOPICS Galaxies Black Holes Astrophysics Replaying the Tape of Life: Is It Possible? Nov. 8, 2018 — A new review explores the complexity of evolution's predictability in extraordinary detail. In it, researchers closely examine evidence from a number of empirical studies of evolutionary repeatability and contingency in an effort to fully interrogate ideas about contingency's role ... read more RELATED TOPICS Evolutionary Biology Nature Biology Florida Monarch Butterfly Populations Have Dropped 80 Percent Since 2005 Nov. 8, 2018 — A 37-year survey of monarch populations in North Central Florida shows that caterpillars and butterflies have been declining since 1985 and have dropped by 80 percent ... read more RELATED TOPICS Insects (including Butterflies) Endangered Plants Nature Bees on the Brink Nov. 8, 2018 — Using an innovative robotic platform to observe bees' behavior, researchers showed that, following exposure to neonicotinoid pesticides -- the most commonly-used class of pesticides in agriculture -- bees spent less time nursing larvae and were less social that other bees. Additional tests showed ... read more RELATED TOPICS Agriculture and Food Food and Agriculture Insects (including Butterflies) Ancient Child's Tooth Reveals Picture of Alaska's Early Inhabitants Nov. 8, 2018 — Research on a newly rediscovered 9,000-year-old child's tooth has reshaped our understanding of Alaska's ancient people, their genetic background and their diets. The tooth is only the second known remnant of a population of early migrants known as Ancient Beringians. Combined with previous ... read more RELATED TOPICS Fossils Ancient Civilizations Anthropology Top Health Early Settlement of Andean Highlands How Do Humans Think? How Do Babies Laugh? Like Chimps! Regeneration Science Takes a Leap Forward Top Physical/Tech Energy from Sun and Outer Space at Same Time Aging a Flock of Stars in the Wild Duck Cluster Graphene Takes a Step Towards Renewable Fuel Pairs of Black Holes in Merging Galaxies Top Environment Replaying the Tape of Life: Is It Possible? Florida Monarch Butterflies in Steep Decline Bees On the Brink: Pesticide Exposure Ancient Child's Tooth: Alaska's Early ... more top science stories   advertisement Health News November 8, 2018 Genetics Has Limited Influence On Longevity Vision Restored Following Cell Transplant Older Fathers Associated With Higher Birth Risks High Radio Frequency Radiation: Cancer in Rats Nov. 6, 2018 — Although long life tends to run in families, genetics has far less influence on life span than previously thought, according to a new analysis of ... read more Healthy Aging Genes Personalized Medicine Nov. 5, 2018 — Researchers have discovered that neurons located in the vision centers of the brains of blind rats functioned normally following fetal retina cell transplants, indicating the successful restoration ... read more Eye Care Perception Nervous System Nov. 1, 2018 — A decade of data documenting live births in the United States links babies of older fathers with a variety of increased risks at birth, including low birth weight and seizures, according to a new ... read more Infant's Health Healthy Aging Diseases and Conditions Nov. 1, 2018 — The National Toxicology Program (NTP) concluded there is clear evidence that male rats exposed to high levels of radio frequency radiation (RFR) like ... read more Vitamin D Renewable Energy Animals Latest Health Headlines updated 11:15pm EST Healing Kidneys With Nanotechnology Nov. 8, 2018 — Researchers have developed a new method for treating and preventing acute kidney injury. Their technique involves the use of tiny, self-assembling forms measuring just billionths of a meter ... read more RELATED TOPICS Kidney Disease Mice Nanotechnology Genetic 'Whodunnit' for Cancer Gene Solved Nov. 8, 2018 — Long thought to suppress cancer by slowing cellular metabolism, the protein complex AMPK also seemed to help some tumors grow, confounding researchers. Now, researchers have solved the long-standing mystery around why AMPK can both hinder and ... read more RELATED TOPICS Lung Cancer Brain Tumor Cancer Can't Sleep? Fruit Flies and Energy Drinks Offer New Clues Nov. 8, 2018 — Like humans, fruit flies are active during the day, sleep at night and have similar sleep characteristics. A study has discovered a new gene and uncovered a mechanism that modulates sleep by controlling the movement of taurine -- a common ingredient found in many energy drinks -- into neuron cells of the fly brain. Taurine also is abundant in the human brain and is consistently elevated in blood ... read more RELATED TOPICS Sleep Disorder Research Sleep Disorders Insomnia Research Brain Activity Pattern May Be Early Sign of Schizophrenia Nov. 8, 2018 — Neuroscientists have identified a pattern of brain activity that is correlated with development of schizophrenia, which they say could be used as marker to diagnose the disease ... read more RELATED TOPICS Disorders and Syndromes Mental Health Schizophrenia Culture May Explain Why Brains Have Become Bigger Nov. 8, 2018 — A theory called the cultural brain hypothesis could explain extraordinary increases in brain size in humans and other animals over the last few million years, according to a new ... read more RELATED TOPICS Intelligence Brain-Computer Interfaces Brain Injury Brain Signature of Depressed Mood Unveiled in New Study Nov. 8, 2018 — New research has identified a common pattern of brain activity that may be behind low mood feelings, particularly in people who have a tendency towards anxiety. The newly discovered network is a significant advance in research on the neurobiology of mood, and could serve as a biomarker to help scientists developing new therapies to help people with mood disorders such as ... read more RELATED TOPICS Anger Management Brain-Computer Interfaces Brain Tumor Sensory Neurons Can Be Used to Discover Therapies for ALS Nov. 8, 2018 — Scientists have shown that mutations in specific genes that destroy motor neurons and thereby cause the devastating effects of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -- also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease -- also attack sensory neurons. The discovery indicates that studying sensory neurons could ... read more RELATED TOPICS Nervous System Neuroscience Parkinson's Research One Type of Brain Cell Might Hold Key to Inflammation After Head Injury Nov. 7, 2018 — By eliminating one type of immune cell in the brain, researchers were able to erase any evidence of inflammation following traumatic brain injury, according to a new ... read more RELATED TOPICS Brain Injury Brain Tumor Disorders and Syndromes How Many Calories Do You Burn? It Depends on Time of Day Nov. 8, 2018 — Researchers have made the surprising discovery that the number of calories people burn while at rest changes with the time of day. When at rest, people burn 10 percent more calories in the late afternoon and early evening than in the early morning ... read more RELATED TOPICS Sleep Disorder Research Insomnia Research Fitness Blue Light Can Reduce Blood Pressure, Study Suggests Nov. 8, 2018 — Exposure to blue light decreases blood pressure, reducing the risk of developing cardiovascular disease, a new study ... read more RELATED TOPICS Hypertension Heart Disease Vitamin D Air Pollution Is Associated With Increased Emergency Department Visits for Heart and Lung Disease Nov. 8, 2018 — Outdoor air pollution is a major health threat worldwide. New research found that exposure to certain air pollutants is linked to increased emergency department visits for respiratory and cardiovascular ... read more RELATED TOPICS Air Quality Air Pollution Pollution There's Real Skill in Fantasy Sports Nov. 7, 2018 — If you've ever taken part in the armchair sport of fantasy football and found yourself at the top of your league's standings at the end of the season, a new study suggests your performance -- however far removed from any actual playing field -- was likely based on skill rather ... read more RELATED TOPICS Video Games Educational Technology Sports Science Health & Medicine Healing Kidneys With Nanotechnology Genetic 'Whodunnit' for Cancer Gene Solved Can't Sleep? Clues from Fruit Flies, Energy ... Brain Activity Pattern: Early Schizophrenia Sign Mind & Brain Why Brains Have Become Bigger EEG Brain Signal IDs Depression, Anxiety Sensory Neurons: Looking for ALS Therapies A Key to Inflammation After Head Injury? Living Well Calories Burnt Depends On Time of Day Blue Light Can Reduce Blood Pressure Air Pollution and Heart and Lung Disease There's Real Skill in Fantasy Sports more top health stories   advertisement Physical/Tech News November 8, 2018 New Origin Story for Earth's Water Ultra-Hot Gas Around Star Remnants Bionic Mushroom Generates Electricity Cosmic Fountain: Clues to Galaxies Evolution Nov. 7, 2018 — Earth's water may have originated from both asteroidal material and gas left over from the formation of the Sun, according to new research. The new finding could give scientists important insights ... read more Earth Science Geology Environmental Issues Nov. 7, 2018 — Solving a decades-old mystery, an international team of astronomers have discovered an extremely hot magnetosphere around a white dwarf, a remnant of a star like our ... read more Stars Sun Astrophysics Nov. 7, 2018 — Researchers have taken an ordinary white button mushroom from a grocery store and made it bionic, supercharging it with 3D-printed clusters of cyanobacteria that generate electricity and swirls of ... read more Energy and the Environment Electricity Energy Technology Nov. 6, 2018 — Galaxy evolution can be chaotic and messy, but it seems that streams of cold gas spraying out from the region around supermassive black holes may act to calm the ... read more Galaxies Black Holes Astrophysics Latest Physical/Tech Headlines updated 11:15pm EST Creating Better Devices: The Etch Stops Here Nov. 8, 2018 — Researchers have discovered a new, more precise method to create nanoscale-size ... read more RELATED TOPICS Graphene Materials Science Spintronics Materials Scientist Creates Fabric Alternative to Batteries for Wearable Devices Nov. 8, 2018 — A major factor holding back development of wearable biosensors for health monitoring is the lack of a lightweight, long-lasting power supply. Now scientists report that they have developed a method for making a charge-storing system that is easily ... read more RELATED TOPICS Wearable Technology Textiles and Clothing Energy Technology See-Through Film Rejects 70 Percent of Incoming Solar Heat Nov. 8, 2018 — Engineers have developed a heat-rejecting film that could be applied to a building's windows to reflect up to 70 percent of the sun's incoming heat. The film is able to remain highly transparent below 32 degrees Celsius, or 89 degrees Fahrenheit. They estimate that if every exterior-facing window ... read more RELATED TOPICS Thermodynamics Optics Energy and the Environment A Burst of 'Synchronous' Light Nov. 8, 2018 — Excited photo-emitters can cooperate and radiate simultaneously, a phenomenon called superfluorescence. Researchers have recently been able to create this effect with long-range ordered nanocrystal superlattices. This discovery could enable future developments in LED lighting, quantum sensing, ... read more RELATED TOPICS Quantum Computers Quantum Physics Physics Elusive Star Has Origins Close to Big Bang Nov. 5, 2018 — Astronomers have found what could be one of the universe's oldest stars, made almost entirely of materials spewed from the ... read more RELATED TOPICS Stars Galaxies Extrasolar Planets Growing Magnetic Fields in Deep Space: Just Wiggle the Plasma Nov. 5, 2018 — Astrophysicists have long wondered how cosmic magnetic fields fields are produced, sustained, and magnified. Scientists have shown that plasma turbulence might be responsible, providing a possible answer to what has been called one of the most important unsolved problems in plasma ... read more RELATED TOPICS Solar Flare Astrophysics Sun Laser Tech Could Be Fashioned Into Earth's 'Porch Light' to Attract Alien Astronomers Nov. 5, 2018 — If extraterrestrial intelligence exists somewhere in our galaxy, a new study proposes that laser technology on Earth could, in principle, be fashioned into something of a planetary porch light -- a beacon strong enough to attract attention from as ... read more RELATED TOPICS Space Telescopes Astronomy Space Exploration Evidence of Outburst Flooding Indicates Plentiful Water on Early Mars Nov. 5, 2018 — The presence of water on Mars has been theorized for centuries. Early telescopes revealed ice caps, and early astronomers noted channels that were hypothesized to be natural rivers or ... read more RELATED TOPICS Mars Space Exploration Solar System Codebreaker Turing's Theory Explains How Shark Scales Are Patterned Nov. 7, 2018 — A system proposed by world war two codebreaker Alan Turing more than 60 years ago can explain the patterning of tooth-like scales possessed by sharks, according to new ... read more RELATED TOPICS Sea Life Fish Artificial Intelligence Could Machines Using Artificial Intelligence Make Doctors Obsolete? Nov. 7, 2018 — The technology of these tools is evolving rapidly. Standalone machines can now perform limited tasks raising the question of whether machines will ever completely replace ... read more RELATED TOPICS Patient Education and Counseling Today's Healthcare Diseases and Conditions Batteryless Smart Devices Closer to Reality Nov. 7, 2018 — Researchers have taken a huge step towards making smart devices that do not use batteries or ... read more RELATED TOPICS Technology Batteries Computers and Internet Powered by Windows: Enhanced Power Factor in Transparent Thermoelectric Nanowire Materials Nov. 7, 2018 — A research group has successfully developed a methodology for enhancing thermoelectric power factor while decreasing thermal conductivity. By introducing ZnO nanowires into ZnO films, the thermoelectric power factor became 3 times larger than that of ZnO film without ZnO nanowires. The success of this research will lead to the realization of ... read more RELATED TOPICS Energy and the Environment Petroleum Renewable Energy Matter & Energy Creating Better Devices: The Etch Stops Here Wearable Devices: Fabric Alternative to ... See-Through Film Rejects Most Incoming Solar ... Nanocrystals as Quantum Light Source Space & Time Elusive Star Has Origins Close to Big Bang Growing Magnetic Fields in Deep Space Laser Tech to Attract Alien Astronomers Outburst Flooding On Early Mars Computers & Math How Shark Scales Are Patterned: Turing Could AI Make Doctors Obsolete Batteryless Smart Devices Closer to Reality Energy Recovery from Windows? more top physical/tech stories   Environment News November 8, 2018 Reptile Tracks Oldest Ever Found in Grand Canyon Shorebird Decline Linked to Climate Change Unique Study Shows How Bats Maneuver Secret Behind Coral Reef Diversity? Time Nov. 8, 2018 — Geologists have discovered that a set of 28 footprints left behind by a reptile-like creature 310 million years ago are the oldest ever to be found ... read more New Species Zoology Animals Nov. 8, 2018 — Researchers have discovered that daily nest predation of shorebirds has increased threefold over the last 70 years. The data suggest the larger increase in the Arctic relative to the tropics ... read more Nature Climate Wild Animals Nov. 8, 2018 — For the first time, researchers have succeeded in directly measuring the aerodynamics of flying animals as they maneuver in the air. Previously, the upstroke of the wings was considered relatively ... read more Wild Animals Birds Extreme Survival Nov. 8, 2018 — One of the world's premier diving destinations owes its reputation as a hot spot of marine biodiversity to being undisturbed over millions of years, according to ecologists. The researchers conclude ... read more Fish Ecology New Species Latest Environment Headlines updated 11:15pm EST Biomimetics: The Chemical Tricks of Our Blood Nov. 8, 2018 — Biomolecules such as hemoglobin or chlorophyll are difficult to study. It is worth investigating similar but simpler structures in the lab. Unexpected behavior has now been found in phthalocyanines, whose molecular ring structure closely resembles the crucial sections of hemoglobin or chlorophyll. ... read more RELATED TOPICS Anemia Genetics Nature Cell Behavior, Once Shrouded in Mystery, Is Revealed in New Light Nov. 8, 2018 — Previously, in order to study cell membranes, researchers would often have to freeze samples. The proteins within these samples would not behave like they would in a normal biological environment. Now, using an atomic force microscope, researchers can observe individual proteins in an unfrozen sample -- acting in a normal biological environment. This new observation tool could help scientists ... read more RELATED TOPICS Cell Biology Molecular Biology Biology Biodiversity Draws the Ecotourism Crowd Nov. 8, 2018 — Nature -- if you support it, ecotourists will come. Managed wisely, both can win. The balancing act of protecting and fostering biodiversity with hordes of tourists in pristine nature parks is a global challenge. There are pathways to having it all -- protected areas with a rich variety of animals ... read more RELATED TOPICS Biodiversity Nature Ecology Self-Assembling Protein Filaments Designed and Built from Scratch Nov. 8, 2018 — For the first time, scientists have created, from scratch, self-assembling protein filaments built from identical protein subunits that snap together spontaneously to form long, helical, thread-like configurations. Protein filaments are essential components of several structural and moving parts in ... read more RELATED TOPICS Biochemistry Molecular Biology Cell Biology Millions in Danger of Food Insecurity Due to Severe Caribbean Droughts Nov. 8, 2018 — Climate change is impacting the Caribbean, with millions facing increasing food insecurity and decreasing freshwater availability as droughts become more likely across the region, according to ... read more RELATED TOPICS Drought Research Severe Weather Resource Shortage Warming Waters Caused Rapid -- And Opposite -- Shifts in Connected Marine Communities Nov. 8, 2018 — Two connected marine ecosystems -- the Eastern English Channel and Southern North Sea -- experienced big and opposite changes in their fish communities over a 30-year period. Rapid warming drove smaller ocean fishes to shift abruptly northward from one ecosystem to the ... read more RELATED TOPICS Fish Ecology Ecosystems What Could Cause the Mississippi Bight to Become Hypoxic? Nov. 8, 2018 — A recent article explores aspects of the environmental conditions that can potentially lead to hypoxia in the Mississippi Bight region of the northern Gulf of Mexico. This area extends from Apalachicola in Florida to the Mississippi ... read more RELATED TOPICS Oceanography Earth Science Hurricanes and Cyclones Yellowstone Streams Recovering Thanks to Wolf Reintroduction Nov. 8, 2018 — In the first study of its kind, scientists show that the return of large terrestrial carnivores can lead to improved stream structure ... read more RELATED TOPICS Ecology Ecology Research Ecosystems The Teeth of Changchunsaurus: Rare Insight Into Ornithopod Dinosaur Tooth Evolution Nov. 7, 2018 — The teeth of Changchunsaurus parvus, a small herbivorous dinosaur from the Cretaceous of China, represent an important and poorly-known stage in the evolution of ornithopod dentition, according to ... read more RELATED TOPICS Dinosaurs Evolutionary Biology Paleontology RNA Microchips: A New Chapter in Ribonucleic Acid Synthesis Nov. 6, 2018 — Ribonucleic acid (RNA) is, along with DNA and protein, one of the three primary biological macromolecules and was probably the first to arise in early life forms. Chemists have developed a new synthetic approach that allows RNA to be chemically synthesized about a million times more efficiently than previously ... read more RELATED TOPICS Organic Chemistry Biochemistry Research Biochemistry Oldest Evidence of Dairying on the East Asian Steppe Nov. 5, 2018 — Although dairy pastoralism once made Mongolian steppe herders successful enough to conquer most of Asia and Europe, the origins of this way of life on the East Asian steppe are still unclear. Now an international team of researchers has uncovered evidence that dairying arrived in Mongolia as early ... read more RELATED TOPICS Anthropology Cultures Archaeology Saber-Toothed Cats With Oral Injuries Ate Softer Foods Nov. 5, 2018 — Saber-toothed cats, the large felid predators that once roamed Southern California, may have eaten softer foods after suffering oral injuries, according to a new study. Microscopic damage patterns on teeth from fossilized cats show the injured predators transitioned to seeking softer prey, like flesh instead of bone, which healthy cats may have provided for them, according to the ... read more RELATED TOPICS Cats Animals Wild Animals Plants & Animals Biomimetics: The Chemical Tricks of Our Blood Cell Behavior Is Revealed in New Light Biodiversity Draws the Ecotourism Crowd Self-Assembling Protein Filaments from Scratch Earth & Climate Millions in Danger: Severe Caribbean Droughts Warming Waters and Shifting Marine Communities Mississippi Bight: Hypoxic? Yellowstone Streams Recovering Thanks to Wolves Fossils & Ruins Ornithopod Dinosaur Tooth Evolution RNA Microchips Earliest Dairying On East Asian Steppe Toothache? What Saber-Toothed Cats Ate more top environment stories   Society/Education News November 8, 2018 Orangutan Populations Still Declining Rapidly Immigration to US Changes a Person's Microbiome A Wilderness 'Horror Story' AI Shows Root Cause of Religious Conflict Nov. 5, 2018 — Orangutan populations are still declining rapidly, despite claims by the Indonesian Government that things are looking better for the red apes. Scientists criticize the use of inappropriate methods ... read more Environmental Policy Apes Nature Nov. 1, 2018 — Researchers new evidence that the gut microbiota of immigrants and refugees rapidly Westernize after a person's arrival in the United States. The study of communities migrating from Southeast Asia to ... read more Diet and Weight Loss Racial Disparity Obesity Oct. 31, 2018 — Producing the first comprehensive fine-scale map of the world's remaining marine and terrestrial wild places, conservation scientists say that just 23 percent of the world's landmass can now be ... read more Nature Environmental Policy Environmental Awareness Oct. 31, 2018 — Artificial intelligence can help us to better understand the causes of religious violence and to potentially control it, according to new research. ... read more Spirituality Religion Racial Issues Latest Society/Education Headlines updated 11:15pm EST Financial Giants Can Have a Pivotal Role for Climate Stability Nov. 7, 2018 — Banks, pension funds and other institutional investors have a key role to play in efforts to avoid dangerous climate change. A limited number of these investors have considerable influence over the Amazon rainforest and boreal forests that are known 'tipping elements' in the climate system. ... read more RELATED TOPICS Forest Climate Economics Modern Slavery Promotes Overfishing Nov. 7, 2018 — Labour abuses, including modern slavery, are 'hidden subsidies' that allow distant-water fishing fleets to remain profitable and ... read more RELATED TOPICS Fisheries Fish Marine Biology Why Some Wikipedia Disputes Go Unresolved Nov. 6, 2018 — Study identifies reasons for unsettled editing disagreements and offers predictive tools that could improve ... read more RELATED TOPICS Computer Modeling Computer Graphics Computers and Internet How Ideas Go Viral in Academia: Where Idea Starts Is Key Nov. 6, 2018 — How ideas move through academia may depend on where those ideas come from as much as their quality, a new study ... read more RELATED TOPICS Creativity Educational Policy Education and Employment How Clear Speech Equates to Clear Memory Nov. 5, 2018 — Some conversations are forgotten as soon as they are over, while other exchanges may leave lasting imprints. Researchers want to understand why and how listeners remember some spoken utterances more clearly than others. They're specifically looking at ways in which clarity of speaking style can affect ... read more RELATED TOPICS Memory Language Acquisition Educational Psychology Among College Students, Mental Health Diagnosis and Treatment Are Up, Stigma Is Down Nov. 5, 2018 — Mental health diagnoses and treatment of college students increased substantially between 2007 and 2017. More than one-third of students reported a diagnosed condition in 2016-2017, according to a new study. The comprehensive nationwide study draws on 10 years of data from the Healthy Minds Study, an annual web-based survey involving more than ... read more RELATED TOPICS Mental Health Mental Health Research Teen Health How the Brain Decides What to Learn Oct. 25, 2018 — Neuroscientists know a lot about how our brains learn new things, but not much about how they choose what to focus on while they learn. Now, researchers have traced that ability to an ... read more RELATED TOPICS Educational Psychology Language Acquisition Intelligence Binary Bias Distorts How We Integrate Information Oct. 25, 2018 — When we evaluate and compare a range of data points -- whether that data is related to health outcomes, head counts, or menu prices -- we tend to neglect the relative strength of the evidence and treat it as simply binary, according to new ... read more RELATED TOPICS Behavior Racial Issues Intelligence Can Social Media Lead to Labor Market Discrimination? Nov. 7, 2018 — A new study investigates whether social media may be used as a source of information for recruiters to discriminate against job ... read more RELATED TOPICS Relationships Consumer Behavior Social Psychology Prejudice Against Women in Power Is Greater Than We Think Nov. 5, 2018 — People are more prejudiced against women leaders than the statistics might indicate. This could be because participants in surveys investigating attitudes towards men and women in leadership positions may not answer honestly unless they are guaranteed confidentiality of their ... read more RELATED TOPICS Gender Difference Racial Issues Social Psychology Offering Employees a Helping Hand Can Backfire Oct. 25, 2018 — When a coworker or employee is struggling, is it better to offer help on the job or just a shoulder to cry on? A new study shows that the two forms of support do roughly the same thing -- but that sometimes, it's best not to address the situation at ... read more RELATED TOPICS Behavior Child Psychology Psychology Professional, Not Personal, Familiarity Works for Virtual Teams Oct. 23, 2018 — Researchers surveyed 363 people, from 68 teams, asking them about their colleagues' professional and personal ... read more RELATED TOPICS Consumer Behavior Social Psychology Stress Science & Society Financial Giants' Role in Climate Stability Modern Slavery Promotes Overfishing Why Some Wikipedia Disputes Go Unresolved How Ideas Go Viral in Academia Education & Learning Clear Speech Equates to Clear Memory Mental Health Diagnosis Are Up at Colleges How the Brain Decides What to Learn Binary Bias Distorts How We Integrate Info Business & Industry Social Media and Labor Market Discrimination Prejudice Against Women in Power Offering Employees a Helping Hand Can Backfire Teams: Professional, Not Personal, ... more top society/education stories     Print   Email   Share advertisement Most Popular Stories this week HEALTH Family Tree of 400 Million People Shows Genetics Has Limited Influence on Longevity High Exposure to Radio Frequency Radiation Associated With Cancer in Male Rats AI Systems Shed Light on Root Cause of Religious Conflict: Humanity Is Not Naturally Violent PHYSICAL & TECH Elusive Star Has Origins Close to Big Bang Breakthrough in Treating Paralysis New Material Cleans and Splits Water ENVIRONMENT Earth's Oceans Have Absorbed 60 Percent More Heat Than Previously Thought Obese Mice Lose a Third of Their Fat Using a Natural Protein 'Bionic Mushrooms' Fuse Nanotech, Bacteria and Fungi advertisement Strange & Offbeat Stories   HUMAN QUIRKS How Beatboxers Produce Sound: Using Real-Time MRI to Understand Chlamydia Attacks With Frankenstein Protein Singing May Reduce Stress, Improve Motor Function for People With Parkinson's Disease BIZARRE THINGS Materials Scientist Creates Fabric Alternative to Batteries for Wearable Devices Levitating Particles Could Lift Nuclear Detective Work Ultrasound Releases Drug to Alter Activity in Targeted Brain Areas in Rats ODD CREATURES DNA of World's Oldest Natural Mummy Unlocks Secrets of Ice Age Tribes in the Americas Study Shows How Vultures Evesdrop to Gather Vital Flight Information Powered by Windows: Enhanced Power Factor in Transparent Thermoelectric Nanowire Materials advertisement About this Site   ScienceDaily features breaking news about the latest discoveries in science, health, the environment, technology, and more -- from major news services and leading universities, scientific journals, and research organizations. Visitors can browse more than 500 individual topics, grouped into 12 main sections (listed under the top navigational menu), covering: the medical sciences and health; physical sciences and technology; biological sciences and the environment; and social sciences, business and education. Headlines and summaries of relevant news stories, as well as links to topic-specific RSS feeds and email newsletters, are provided on each topic page. Stories are posted daily, selected from press materials provided by hundreds of sources from around the world. Links to sources and relevant journal citations (where available) are included at the end of each post. For more information about ScienceDaily, please consult the links listed at the bottom of each page. Toggle navigation Menu   SD SD Home Page Top Science News Latest News Home Home Page Top Science News Latest News Health View all the latest top news in the health sciences, or browse the topics below: Health & Medicine Allergy Alternative Medicine Birth Control Cancer Diabetes Diseases Heart Disease HIV and AIDS Obesity Stem Cells ... more topics Mind & Brain ADD and ADHD Addiction Alzheimer's Autism Depression Headaches Intelligence Psychology Relationships Schizophrenia ... more topics Living Well Parenting Pregnancy Sexual Health Skin Care Men's Health Women's Health Nutrition Diet and Weight Loss Fitness Healthy Aging ... more topics Tech View all the latest top news in the physical sciences & technology, or browse the topics below: Matter & Energy Aviation Chemistry Electronics Fossil Fuels Nanotechnology Physics Quantum Physics Solar Energy Technology Wind Energy ... more topics Space & Time Astronomy Black Holes Dark Matter Extrasolar Planets Mars Moon Solar System Space Telescopes Stars Sun ... more topics Computers & Math Artificial Intelligence Communications Computer Science Hacking Mathematics Quantum Computers Robotics Software Video Games Virtual Reality ... more topics Enviro View all the latest top news in the environmental sciences, or browse the topics below: Plants & Animals Agriculture and Food Animals Biology Biotechnology Endangered Animals Extinction Genetically Modified Microbes and More New Species Zoology ... more topics Earth & Climate Climate Earthquakes Environment Geography Geology Global Warming Hurricanes Ozone Holes Pollution Weather ... more topics Fossils & Ruins Ancient Civilizations Anthropology Archaeology Dinosaurs Early Humans Early Mammals Evolution Lost Treasures Origin of Life Paleontology ... more topics Society View all the latest top news in the social sciences & education, or browse the topics below: Science & Society Arts & Culture Consumerism Economics Political Science Privacy Issues Public Health Racial Disparity Religion Sports World Development ... more topics Business & Industry Biotechnology & Bioengineering Computers & Internet Energy & Resources Engineering Medical Technology Pharmaceuticals Transportation ... more topics Education & Learning Animal Learning & Intelligence Creativity Educational Psychology Educational Technology Infant & Preschool Learning Learning Disorders STEM Education ... more topics Quirky Top News Human Quirks Odd Creatures Bizarre Things Weird World Free Subscriptions Get the latest science news with ScienceDaily's free email newsletters, updated daily and weekly. Or view hourly updated newsfeeds in your RSS reader: Email Newsletters RSS Feeds Follow Us Keep up to date with the latest news from ScienceDaily via social networks: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Have Feedback? Tell us what you think of ScienceDaily -- we welcome both positive and negative comments. Have any problems using the site? Questions? Leave Feedback Contact Us About This Site  |  Staff  |  Reviews  |  Contribute  |  Advertise  |  Privacy Policy  |  Editorial Policy  |  Terms of Use Copyright 2018 ScienceDaily or by other parties, where indicated. All rights controlled by their respective owners. Content on this website is for information only. It is not intended to provide medical or other professional advice. Views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of ScienceDaily, its staff, its contributors, or its partn