Women's Health Info Site - Women's Health Education Program This site is a resource for tips and tools for excellence in care for women. It is dedicated to happenings at the Women's Health Education Program of Drexel University College of Medicine. WHEP's programming includes innovative education of health professionals, community outreach, community participatory research and networking with like-minded people interested in overcoming gender health disparities. Home Blogs Españoles Contact Us WHEP Website Links Contribute To the Blog! Give us Feedback! Search This Blog Thursday, November 8, 2018 Self-advocacy and solidarity in combatting gender bias in medicine I recently read an articleentitled, “Recognizing Blind Spots – A Remedy for Gender Bias in Medicine?” byLoren Rabinowitz. She starts off her piece describing an interaction in which apatient’s wife pushed her aside in favor of speaking to a more junior, maleresident who was incapable of completing her request due to his junior status.Although actually qualified to address the request, Dr. Rabinowitz, wasoverlooked by her patient’s wife and, the junior resident did not bother toclarify the discrepancy. These acts of sexism and similar micro- andmacro-aggressions are ubiquitous across our culture, and healthcare is noexception.     Dr.Rabinowitz goes on to juxtaposethe challenges of self-advocacy with their critical importance. She acknowledgesthat, “perhaps small steps such astaking ownership of our roles as physicians, enlisting allies, and educatingour trainees, students, and patients can provide a starting point for themovement toward workplace equality.” I completely agree with her regarding thedifficulties and discomfort in clarifying our roles, and I think this is bornout of our motivations for pursuing medicine, which are grounded in the genuineprovision of care for other people, rather than the nominal authorityassociated with our titles. Importantly, she notes that clarification isachievable in a way that is respectful to others, kind and compassionate topatients, and defines our roles as medical students or providers. Thisclarification is important for establishing trust and improving communicationwhich directly impacts care delivery and outcomes. In reflecting on her storyand stories of my own, I see that we find strength in solidarity, as itbolsters our care team and communities, and provides support for us when weneed it most.   MaureenFarrell         DUCOM 2021 https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp1802228   Posted by Judith Wolfat 12:53 PMNo comments: Thursday, November 1, 2018 Can we bridge the gap between medicine and motherhood? An articlewas recently published by the BBC news regarding the steadily declining numberof women in South Korea interested in childbearing and starting a family,causing the country to have one of the world's lowest fertility rates - about 5.5 per 1,000 people. Some of thereasons cited in this article include that more and more women are choosingtheir profession and personal interests over starting a family, as well as thecomplications and costs associated with childbirth. One woman explicitly arguesthat she would rather "be independent and live alone and achieve [her]dreams" instead of "be part of a family." The independentjourneys on which these women choose to embark are deemed so abnormal in SouthKorea that they were delegated their own title: "sampo,”meaning “to give up relationships, marriage and children.” Thismutually exclusive mindset is largely a consequence of mistreatment of and biastowards women in the workforce. Similar to the policies in place in the UnitedStates, women in South Korea are by law protected from such discrimination,however as many women (including myself) have experienced, such laws are oftenignored or seldom enforced. Anotherwoman cited in the article mentioned that after an argument with her boss andbeing sent to the hospital due to concerns for miscarriage, her boss made aconcerted effort to have her fired.                                             This message hits home for meparticularly as a female entering the medical workforce in just a few months. Whiletrying to decide on a specialty during medical school, and as I prepare forresidency, one burning issue that arises almost invariably, especially withfemale attendings, is the topic of childbearing. The reason I say “issue” isthat, unfortunately, the health professions environment often treats it assuch. “What if I get pregnant during residency?” for me induces the sameanxiety as “What if I get sick?” or “What if I break my leg?” Even as weapproach 2019 and the world achieves somewhat increased open-mindedness,society still has a tendency to paint a picture of physicians that is not onlycis-white male, but invincible and without their own personal and privatechallenges. And I think here lies part of the problem in making medicaleducation more family-friendly. The Family and Medical Leave Act waspassed in the United States in 1993 as a means of guaranteeing 12 weeks of"unpaid, job-protected leave" for certain reasons if covered by anindividual's employer. Reasons for taking leave include childbirth, but alsoencompasses adoption, caring for severely ill relatives, personal illness, andup to 26 weeks to care for a servicemember. I would like to emphasize here the“unpaid” portion of this act, because given the rising cost of diapers,clothing, and formula, one can only hope that the residents protected by thisact have enough income to support themselves and their baby, if not someadditional financial support from a spouse or other family member. In 2000,the AAFP published guidelines for Family Medicine residents who need to takeparental leave. The guidelines were revised most recently in 2017 and encouragethat residents be given ample time and accommodations in order to fulfillparental duties. However, the "guidelines" are in actuality justrecommendations; each residency program is at liberty to ordain their own rulesregarding parental leave (within their legal rights), from the duration to whenleave can be taken, to the specific provisions offered (if any) in the event aresident cannot complete certain requirements. A blanketargument against residency programs, however, is not being made here and shouldnever be made; there are plenty of programs willing to accommodate forresidents interested in or expecting to build on their families. And it is alsoa fair argument that some residents in fact prefer not to have a family duringresidency, or ever. However, I do think it is safe to say that a largerdiscussion must be had so that if and when someone, including myself, decidesit is the “right” time to have a family, the decision will be treated withrespect and understanding, rather than a burden on my colleagues, program, andpatients.   GabriellePyronneau     DUCOM 2019   References   https://www-clinicalkey-com.ezproxy2.library.drexel.edu/#!/content/journal/1-s2.0-S0140673615010910 https://www.dol.gov/whd/fmla/ https://www.bbc.com/news/stories-45201725     Posted by Judith Wolfat 10:23 AM1 comment: Older PostsHome Subscribe to:Posts (Atom) Welcome and About Us Welcome! The WHEP site is intended to be a site to get information; get answers and engage in our varied activities. Want to learn more about....? Want to hear about how to get involved? Want to know what others are doing? Want to get connected with us? Have ideas or suggestions? Whether related to lectures or sessions; seminar series or talks, community health screening or movie screenings, our goal is to make this useful site for keeping up with sex and gender issues in medicine. Follow by Email Seminar Series Popular Posts NO HITTING!! February is Teen Dating and Violence Awareness and Prevention Month A number of our terrific seniors are engaged in teen health activities this month, Sonia on teen attitudes on sources of sexual health infor... Active Lifestyle May Help Counter Obesity Genes TUESDAY, Aug. 31 (HealthDay News) -- Exercise can reduce a person's genetic predisposition to obesity by 40 percent, finds a new English... Human Trafficking Having just given the IFM lecture on approach to a patient who's been assaulted, I mentioned that we didn't have time to cover elder... An Open and Fruitful Discussion Hi All, First off, kudos to Iris, Shayne and Yeshika for coordinating a terrific session last night. Also kudos to our panelists - Matt, Em... (no title) In the Olympics of Teen Pregnancy, The U.S. 'Wins' While Young Women Lose. ﻿ It is known that an association with becoming a teen... September is Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month ovarian cancer: is the fifth most common cancer in women. It is a cancer that forms in tissues of the ovary. There are three types: 1) thos... Distress and Sexual Health Female Sexual Dysfunction includes disorders of desire; arousal; orgasm and sexual pain. Desire disorders include hypoactive sexual desire ... Sexual Assault Protocol in Philadelphia Below is the City of Philadelphia's Sexual Assault Complaint Form for those interested in checking it out. The actual document is 10... Calling for a Transformation in Trans-Health The right to health means that every individual has the right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health, according t... Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and Infertility Polycystic ovarian syndrome is a common disorder causing androgen excess, ovulatory dysfunction and polycystic ovaries. PCOS can only be dia... Training Tomorrow's Physicians and Helping Patients Today Women's Health Education Program at Drexel University College Of Medicine Women's Health Education Program Drexel College of Medicine Culture, Health, Gender Site Philadelphia Ujima Gender and ethnic medicine project - Cardio Health Philadelphia Ujima Blog Women's Health RSS Loading... Medscape Ob/Gyn Women's Health Headlines Loading... The New England Journal of Medicine: Search Results for women's health Loading... Women's Health Information and Research Links Office of Research on Women's Health Women's Health.gov DHHS site Heart, Lung, Blood Health Info for Professionals Society of Women's Health Research Blog Women's Health Disparities - Kaiser State Facts SWHR CDC Women's Health Followers The views and opinions of this site do not represent those of Drexel University College of Medicine; PHEC or Drexel University. Labels Academic Electives(2) advocacy(3) Amniocententesis(1) Chronic Villus Sampling(1) CVS(1) Decision Making(1) Disabilities(1) elderly(1) FISH(1) Gender(1) Genetics(1) Health Literacy(1) Healthcare Reform(1) Heart Health(3) HIV(3) Human Trafficking(1) Incontinence(1) Influenza(1) Interpersonal Violence(3) New Educational Resources(1) Nuchal Translucency(1) Nutrition(1) Obesity(3) Opportunities at WHEP(2) Ovarian Cancer(1) PCOS(1) PCR(1) Poverty(2) PrEP(1) Reproductive Health(4) Reproductive Options Resources(4) Sex and Gender Health Resources(1) Sexual Assault(1) Sexual Health(4) sociocultural determinants of health(2) support(1) Teen Pregnancy(2) WHEP(1) Women's Health Scholar(2) Tell Us What You Think! Blog Archive ▼  2018(26) ▼  November(2) Self-advocacy and solidarity in combatting gender ... Can we bridge the gap between medicine and motherh... ►  October(2) ►  September(3) ►  August(2) ►  July(3) ►  June(4) ►  May(1) ►  April(3) ►  March(1) ►  February(3) ►  January(2) ►  2017(27) ►  December(3) ►  November(2) ►  October(2) ►  September(1) ►  August(2) ►  July(2) ►  June(2) ►  May(4) ►  April(1) ►  March(3) ►  February(3) ►  January(2) ►  2016(20) ►  December(1) ►  November(2) ►  October(1) ►  September(1) ►  August(2) ►  July(1) ►  June(3) ►  May(2) ►  April(3) ►  February(3) ►  January(1) ►  2015(12) ►  December(1) ►  November(4) ►  October(1) ►  August(1) ►  July(1) ►  June(1) ►  May(1) ►  March(1) ►  January(1) ►  2014(36) ►  November(1) ►  October(5) ►  September(1) ►  August(2) ►  July(1) ►  June(2) ►  May(3) ►  April(3) ►  March(4) ►  February(7) ►  January(7) ►  2013(64) ►  December(8) ►  November(12) ►  October(15) ►  September(16) ►  August(9) ►  July(3) ►  March(1) ►  2012(13) ►  November(1) ►  September(2) ►  August(3) ►  April(2) ►  February(5) ►  2011(11) ►  November(2) ►  Septemb