Ekalavyas About Us Pursuit Hire Ekalavyas Shop Home American Football Football Basketball Calendar Live Now Podcast People Training Places Columns Shop Stats Forum Gallery Adventure Sports Earth Rock Climbing Mountaineering Mountain Biking Skateboarding Rollerskating Parkour Bicycle Motocross (BMX) Water Surfing Underwater diving Cliff Diving Rafting & Kayaking Wakeboarding Snow Snowboarding Skiing Luge Sky Paragliding Skydiving/BASE Jumping/Wingsuiting Hangliding Basketball, Breaking News, Junior National Championship, Press Releases, Tournaments Punjab men and women shine on the first day of the 69th Junior National Basketball Championship in Ludhiana Ludhiana, 8th May 2018: The 69th Junior National Basketball Championship for Men and Women tipped off on 7th May 2018 at the Ludhiana Basketball Academy in Guru Nanak Stadium, Ludhiana. The championship is being organised by Punjab Basketball Association under the aegis of the Basketball Federation of India. Tamil Nadu girls and Punjab boys are the […] Announcements, Basketball, Breaking News, Federation Cup, Main Slider, Press Releases, Tournaments IOB, ONGC through to the finals of the 32nd Federation Cup in Chittoor Bengaluru, 5th May 2018: The semi-final between IOB Chennai and Customs and Excise, Cochin was thought of as an easy victory for IOB. However, Cochin’s excellent performance shocked everyone as they managed to secure a one-point lead by half-time. Nonetheless, IOB came back strong with their experienced player Rikin Pethani and top scorer G Sivabalan and took […] 32nd Federation Cup to tip off in Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh from 1st May 2018. Indian Men’s and Women’s team suffer close defeats on day one of the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games. India U16 Men’s Team all set to compete at the FIBA U16 Asian Championship Team India set to depart for Australia in preparation for the 2018 Commonwealth Games American Football, Other Sports Hosts Punjabi University, Patiala triumph in finale of 2nd National Inter-varsity American Tackle Football Championship   Patiala, 26th December 2015: The 2nd American Tackle Football All India Inter University Championship under the aegis of Elite Football League of India-University (EFLIU) and Association of Indian Universities (AIU) concluded a short while ago with hosts Punjabi University, Patiala triumphing in memorable fashion. Punjabi University caps off magical run with win in finale […] American Football, Breaking News, Press Releases, Tournaments Punjab teams to clash in finale of 2nd National Inter-varsity American Tackle Football Championship   Patiala, 25th December 2015: The 2nd American Tackle Football All India Inter University Championship at Punjabi University, under the aegis of Elite Football League of India-University (EFLIU) and Association of Indian Universities (AIU), is set to showcase a summit clash between two home state teams. Punjabi University, Patiala and Chandigarh University, Mohali Post Dominant […] Semifinal stage awaits in the National Inter-varsity American Tackle Football Championship underway in Patiala National Inter-varsity American Tackle Football Championship Kicks Off in Punjabi University, Patiala The Hood’s Wolf Pack crowned champions of Bengaluru’s first ever American Tackle Football Championship All India Inter University American Football Championship 2015 – GNDU, Amritsar wins tackle football Breaking News, Football, Press Releases, Tournaments VIE – 2015: 16th All India Sports fest organized by Jain University, Bangalore comes to an end VIE – 2015 (FINAL STANDINGS)Table Tennis (Men): 1st – SJCC, Bangalore 2nd – BNMIT, Bangalore 3rd – Jain University, Bangalore 4th – PES University, Bangalore Best Player: Akshay B.S. (BNMIT) Table Tennis (Women): 1st – MOP Vaishnav College, Chennai 2nd – Jain University, Bangalore 3rd – St. Francis College Best Player: Reeth Rishya (MOP) Badminton […] Breaking News, Football, Press Releases, Tournaments VIE – 2015: 16th All India Sports feast organized by Jain University, Bengaluru- Results from Days 2 & 3 DAY 3: CRICKET (MEN): Venue: JIRS Alvas College, Mangalore 148/7 in 20 overs (Duke Kaveri 37, Shashank 21, Yatish 4/23) beat Surana College, Bangalore 114/9 in 20 overs (Bharath 32, Pavan G 7/2) TKERS College, Hyd 181/5 in 20 overs (Yashwanth Reddy 38, Rohit Reddy 46) beat Hindustan University, Chennai 159 all out in 20 […] Football’s role in the health and personality development of India’s youth Brands leveraging niche events like World Cup and IPTL to inspire youngsters to take up sports Withdrawal Symptoms? India Watches FIFA 2014 Basketball 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Income Tax, Chennai crowned Champions; Hosts Vijaya Bank finish runners up 2 months ago by Animesh Gautam 171 Basketball 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Hosts Vijaya Bank will face Income Tax in the Finals 2 months ago by Animesh Gautam 250 Basketball 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: It’s ICF vs Income Tax and Indian Navy vs Vijaya Bank in the semis 2 months ago by Animesh Gautam 204 Basketball 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Hosts Vijaya Bank, Income Tax and Indian Navy assured of semis berths 2 months ago by Animesh Gautam 203 Basketball 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Hosts Vijaya Bank off to a winning start 2 months ago by Animesh Gautam 216 Basketball, Press Releases 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament all set to tip off in Bengaluru from Today 2 months ago by Animesh Gautam 301 Basketball, Breaking News, Main Slider, Press Releases, Tournaments IOB Men and Holy Cross Women crowned Champions of the 5th YMCA Knights National Invitational Tournament, Goa. 5 months ago by Team Ekalavyas 217 Uncategorized Kerala Men and Tamil Nadu Women crowned Champions of the 69th Junior National Basketball Championship 5 months ago by Team Ekalavyas 203 Basketball, Breaking News, Junior National Championship, Press Releases, Tournaments Chandigarh beat Haryana in a tough game at the 69th Junior National Basketball Championship in Ludhiana 6 months ago by Team Ekalavyas 365 Basketball, Breaking News, Junior National Championship, Press Releases, Tournaments Punjab men and women shine on the first day of the 69th Junior National Basketball Championship in Ludhiana 6 months ago by Team Ekalavyas 891 Page 1 of 16312345...102030...»Last » Search for: Recent Posts 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Income Tax, Chennai crowned Champions; Hosts Vijaya Bank finish runners up 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Hosts Vijaya Bank will face Income Tax in the Finals 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: It’s ICF vs Income Tax and Indian Navy vs Vijaya Bank in the semis 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Hosts Vijaya Bank, Income Tax and Indian Navy assured of semis berths 5th Mulki Sunder Ram Shetty All India Basketball Tournament: Hosts Vijaya Bank off to a winning start Recent Comments G sai venkatesh on Team India all set to take on Jordan and Lebanon for the FIBA World Cup Qualifiers at home in Sree Kanteerava Stadium, Bengaluru FIBA Asia Cup 2017: Indian men implode against Syria - Ekalavyas on FIBA Asia Cup 2017: India lose to Jordan, face Syria in must-win game Climbing in Mumbai - Ekalavyas on The IFSC World Cup and Climbing in India Gopalakrishnan R on Kanteerava, Bengaluru to host Youth Basketball Tourney Saji Augustine on Kerala Basketball Association Tournament Calendar 2014 35,157 Basketball, Karan Madhok, Main Slider How a professional basketball league could revolutionize hoops in India Sure, there’s some power to positive thinking. If you say something enough times, it can come true, or at least, you’d start to believe that it’s true. But until the day scientists refine our genes to give all of us psychokinetic powers, no amount of thinking or talking will equate to any physical results, till […] 34,056 Announcements, Basketball, FIBA Asia Cup, Live Match Reports, Main Slider, Tournaments 5th FIBA Asia Cup: India beats China for biggest basketball win in the nation’s history Sunday – July 13th, 2014 India 65 58 China FINAL. INDIA WINS! Video credits: FIBA Venue:  Wuhan Sports Centre Gymnasium, Wuhan (China). Entry is Paid. *Box scores are updated very two minutes. Please refresh page for latest scores.  FINAL India 24 33 48 65 65 China 11 31 50 58 58 Wuhan, China: Ladies and gentlemen, and […] 24,050 Basketball, Columns, Know your stars, Main Slider, Male, People, Players Mr BIG SHOT- Joginder Singh Saharan An abridged version of this profile first appeared in the Tadpoles magazine. That post that be accessed here. “STAR OF THE DAY!” screamed the sports section of Times of India in an article dated January 28, 2014. The previous evening, India had played Angola in the basketball finals of the Lusofonia International Games in Goa. […] 22,048 Basketball, FIBA Asia Cup, Live Match Reports, Main Slider, Tournaments 5th FIBA Asia Cup: Philippines survive a brave Indian comeback to win 70-66 Thursday – July 17th, 2014 India 66 70 Philippines FINAL. PHILIPPINES WINS. Video credits: FIBA Venue:  Wuhan Sports Centre Gymnasium, Wuhan (China). Entry is Paid. FINAL India 17 33 47 66 66 Philippines 20 45 60 70 70 Wuhan (China): The Philippines did most of their good work in the first half – but as the […] 19,753 Basketball, Columns, Main Slider, Sideline Stories, Top 10 10 Life Lessons Basketball Teaches You Basketball has played a major role in shaping the person I am today. While most people generally believe that sports only teach you how to win games or be physically strong, I believe sports have a far greater impact on your life. They help you develop real-world skills that can be applied to all areas […] About us Core Team Contributors Writers Photojournalists Visual Artists Ekalavyas in the Media What We Do The Need for Ekalavyas Privacy Policy Terms of Use Search… Search for: Hire Ekalavyas Our Services Our 