< > Menu ESPN Scores Welcome to Sony ESPN India Edition Football Cricket NBA Kabaddi F1 Tennis NFL WWE Golf Badminton Hockey Asian Games Olympic Sports Moto GP Boxing MMA MLB esports Commonwealth Games … NHL NCAAM Wrestling Chess Snooker Shooting Athletics NASCAR Rugby NCAAF NCAAW Horse Racing X Games Special Olympics More ESPN Awards Watch Favourites Manage Favourites Customise ESPNSign UpLog In Featured India v West Indies Pro Kabaddi League Indian Super League I-League Premier League La Liga Champions League ESPN Awards ESPN India writer index ESPN Fantasy Football Featured Sports Kabaddi Hockey Badminton Wrestling Follow ESPN India Facebook Twitter Instagram ESPN Sites The Cricket Monthly The Undefeated espnW Champions League: How teams can qualify Find out who is through and how every team can still qualify in the Champions League after Matchday 4. AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic UCL XI: Kane, Mata saviours; Red Star dominate The Champions League saw plenty of upsets this week, but who were the stars? Here's the best XI from Matchday 4. Guardiola: Important for Jesus confidence he scored hat-trick Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola hailed the performance of hat-trick hero Gabriel Jesus after City's thumping win over Shakhtar Donetsk. 0:37 Benzema 8/10 for brace in Real rout of Viktoria Plzen Extra Time: An apology to Man United? Ronaldo's celebration? The FC team answer your tweets asking them to apologise to Man United after their comeback at Juve, discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's goal celebration and more. 9:53 Sterling wrong not to correct referee's penalty decision? After Raheem Sterling was awarded a penalty for tripping over his own feet against Shakhtar, the FC guys discuss if he should have told the referee. 4:35 After years of disarray, Inter are back on track Hat-trick hero Jesus 9/10 as Man City score six Honigstein: No excuse for Sergio Ramos' shameful foul Raf Honigstein believes UEFA need to take action after Sergio Ramos elbowed an opponent and drew blood in Real Madrid's win over Viktoria Plzen. 3:04 Sterling apologises over penalty, Pep calls for VAR Real Madrid players say Solari should stay longer UEFA Champions League Pellegrini goal gives Roma win over 10-man CSKA AS Roma put themselves on the brink of a place in the Champions League knockout stage with a win over CSKA Moscow. UEFA Champions League Lewandowski double gives Bayern win over AEK Robert Lewandowski scored once in each half to give Bayern Munich a 2-0 victory over AEK Athens in the Champions League on Wednesday. LIVE: Goa eye top spot as they face winless Delhi Follow live updates as FC Goa host Delhi Dynamos at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Goa. Faheem Hussain /SPORTZPICS for ISL Top Headlines Real Madrid players say Solari should stay longer Super League stars face World Cup ban - FIFA Alastair Cook trumpeted as England's next cricketing knight City didn't deserve Sterling penalty - Jesus Mayweather pulls back on announced Japan fight Gesture at Juventus fans due to insults - Mourinho LeBron: No downside in televising All-Star draft Sarfraz slams 'disgraceful' Ross Taylor in Hafeez action controversy Harmanpreet Kaur The girl who took women's cricket to the next level Champions League window closing for Ronaldo, Juventus? It looked like Cristiano Ronaldo's wonder goal would seal victory, but Juventus' implosion vs. Man Utd raised questions over their UCL credentials. Getty Young's 7/10 sparks United's Juventus comeback Ashley Young's delivery from set pieces is one of the reasons United came back to beat Juventus. Though nobody earned more than a 7/10. Pogba underwhelms, but Man United grab lucky win at Juve Paul Pogba was frustratingly anonymous, but Alexis Sanchez showed that he has a role up front as Man United snuck a late victory at Juventus. Mourinho: Fellaini made Man United come alive again Jose Mourinho hailed the impact of Marouane Fellaini after Man United came from a goal down to beat Juventus. 0:40 Mourinho defends gesture towards Juve fans Jose Mourinho has defended his decision to goad the Juventus fans following Manchester United's 2-1 win in Turin on Wednesday. 0:41 Extra Time: An apology to Man United? Ronaldo's celebration? The FC team answer your tweets asking them to apologise to Man United after their comeback at Juve, discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's goal celebration and more. 9:53 Mourinho steals the spotlight after Man United comeback After Jose Mourinho's postgame antics, the FC panel question how much credit he deserves for Man United's late win in Turin. 4:52 Gesture at Juventus fans due to insults - Mourinho Red Star's upset a reminder of what football stands to lose The formation of a European super league has been gaining traction, but it would mean the end of romance like Red Star's shock upset of Liverpool. Liverpool 'have to do better' after defeat - Klopp "The boys are very disappointed, I'm very disappointed. We have to do better, we have to do better. Because we can do better." Nicol: Liverpool looked jaded and tired Steve Nicol says it was all downhill after Daniel Sturridge's point-blank miss as Red Star Belgrade claimed a shock victory over Liverpool. 1:21 Sturridge 3/10 as Liverpool slip up in Serbia Chandler gives the Lakers exactly what they needed in debut The veteran center made an immediate impact on the Lakers' defense and rebounding just a day after arriving from Phoenix. Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE/Getty Images 5-on-5: The Lakers' real problems and how to solve them Do the Lakers need to make moves? Our NBA experts answer the big questions about LeBron, Magic and L.A. LeBron on televising All-Star Game draft: 'What's bad about it?' Lakers star LeBron James speaks with reporters after the news broke that the NBA All-Star draft will be televised. 0:32 Chandler can't describe what it's like playing with LeBron Tyson Chandler talks about playing in his hometown of Los Angeles and alongside a closer like LeBron James. 1:07 LeBron: 'Every one of' Chandler's minutes were 'impactful' LeBron James talks about the importance of having Tyson Chandler on the squad and the Lakers' improvements on defense. 1:31 LeBron: No downside in televising All-Star draft Sri Lanka v England 1st Test, Galle See All England take grip after Jennings comes good An unbeaten 146 from Keaton Jennings helped propel England to a virtually unassailable position on day three of the first Test in Galle 'My form this summer wasn't up to scratch' - Jennings Opener endured sleepless nights during form slump against India, but comes good at Galle to give England big advantage James Anderson handed demerit point for dissent Fast bowler gets second demerit points in as many Tests for throwing ball into the ground in disagreement Ben Foakes and Moeen Ali dominate in Galle Ben Foakes and Moeen Ali produced impressive displays for England, who now have control of the Galle Test against Sri Lanka. 1:51 'Will continue with my bank job post retirement' - Herath The Sri Lankan legend on his debut, a surprise recall, tough times and much more 6:05 Sri Lanka batting coach criticises 'poor choices' Thilan Samaraweera criticised Sri Lanka's batsmen following the second day of the opening Test against England in Galle 0:32 'It went to plan for us' - Leach Jack Leach talks about England's tactics, Ben Foakes' century and the blow sustained by Rory Burns 1:19 Prior praises 'fantastic' Foakes innings Former England cricketer Matt Prior commends Ben Foakes after he equalled Prior's record as a wicketkeeper to score a century on Test debut 2:55 'I was on a lads holiday in Lisbon when I got the call!' - Foakes Ben Foakes talks about his surprise at being handed an England debut against Sri Lanka at Galle 1:11 Foakes shows England the way in Galle George Dobell and Andrew Fidel Fernando look back on a tight first day in Galle, as England recover from an early batting wobble 2:55 What was it like when England last played a Test without Cook? You have to go back 12 years to find an English Test side not featuring Alastair Cook. A lot has changed since then 1:10 Gallery - Jennings sweeps up Home discomforts hurt SL as England storm the fort Stats - Foakes the fifth keeper to score century on Test debut Pakistan v New Zealand 1st ODI, Abu Dhabi See All Boult's hat-trick headlines New Zealand's emphatic win Sarfraz and Imad scored fifties in Pakistan's chase but the rising asking rate was too much to overcome WATCH - Trent Boult's hat-trick against Pakistan The New Zealand bowler ran through the Pakistan top order 0:19 Anderson out of ODI series, Astle injury doubt India v West Indies 2nd T20I, Lucknow See All Rohit's surgical precision enthralls Lucknow His fourth T20I century wasn't just about a slow start followed by an onslaught. There was a clear method Rohit seals series victory with record 111 West Indies collapsed in Lucknow after the India captain scored his fourth T20I century Brathwaite bemoans absence of regular openers Without Chris Gayle and Evin Lewis, West Indies have struggled to get much out of their make-shift options Living my childhood dream of playing for India - Khaleel India fast bowler Khaleel Ahmed talks about turning a long-cherished dream into a reality, handling pressure at the international level and playing in Lucknow 1:24 'Haven't been anywhere near our best' - Law West Indies head coach Stuart Law urges the senior members in the side to guide the young players through tough situations in the final T20I 1:41 Simmons: Seems like WI selectors don't understand T20 Phil Simmons explains to the Match Day team why the West Indies have been so far off India's level of performance 2:09 Top moments of the day - Rohit's stunner at slip Dish TV presents the dishkiyaoon moments of the day 3:05 Star of the Day - Rohit Sharma Rohit Sharma made his fourth T20I hundred to smash records and West Indies' bowling attack 1:57 Agarkar: Rohit a cut above the rest Ajit Agarkar looks back on Rohit Sharma's fourth T20I hundred 0:38 Simmons: Rohit took West Indies apart The Match Day team discuss Rohit Sharma's strengths as a short-form batsman after he made his fourth T20I century 1:42 50,000 turn up as cricket returns to Lucknow It's been 24 years since a men's international was played in the city, and now a new stadium has got people waiting all day to see their heroes 3:50 Stats - Rohit climbs to top of T20I tons table Gallery - The Bumrah-Pollard almost collision ESPNcricinfo Dailies: Rohit surpasses Munro Top Headlines Real Madrid players say Solari should stay longer Super League stars face World Cup ban - FIFA Alastair Cook trumpeted as England's next cricketing knight City didn't deserve Sterling penalty - Jesus Mayweather pulls back on announced Japan fight Gesture at Juventus fans due to insults - Mourinho LeBron: No downside in televising All-Star draft Sarfraz slams 'disgraceful' Ross Taylor in Hafeez action controversy Favourites Fantasy Manage Favourites Fantasy Home Customise ESPNSign UpLog In Chandan Khanna/AFP/Getty Images Pro Kabaddi League, Season 6: News, Schedule, Results, Points Table & Highlights Stay updated with the latest updates, features and analysis from the Pro Kabaddi League Season 6. Hockey India Asian Champions Trophy - News, results and schedule Stay updated with the latest news and results from the Asian Champions Trophy, which runs from October 18 to October 28 in Muscat. Michael Regan/FIFA via Getty Images World Cup stories: Jayaditya Gupta in Russia The 2018 World Cup stories of ESPN's Jayaditya Gupta, updated as he takes in more of the sights and sounds of the host country Russia. ESPN ESPN India awards Full list of nominees and all the related stories of the 2017 ESPN.in sports awards EPA/TATYANA ZENKOVICH French Open 2018: Tournament schedule, news, live scores and results Get the 2018 French Open tennis tournament's dates, TV schedule, news coverage, live scores and results on ESPN. Manchester City FC/Man City via Getty Images Latest scores Results and scores from the Premier League, Champions League, La Liga, English football league and more. FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images Latest scores and upcoming fixtures Live scores, results and upcoming fixtures SAEED KHAN/AFP/Getty Images Commonwealth Games 2018: India Results Commonwealth Games 2018 Results - India Sutton Images Formula 1 Calendar Saeed Khan/AFP/Getty Images Latest scores and results Latest scores and results from ATP and WTA tours Ron Gaunt / BCCI / SPORTZPICS 2018 calendar: From Russia with love, India's English summer, and a Hockey World Cup at home Welcome 2018! This will be another busy and exciting year in the world of sports -- with the football World Cup in Russia promising to be the icing on the cake. Here's what to look out for and when. Getty Done deals: Completed transfer window moves Check out the completed deals from all the major leagues this summer. John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images Upcoming fixtures Keep track of all the important upcoming fixtures in the Premier League, Champions League, La Liga and more. Matthew Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images League tables Updated tables from Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga and other major global leagues Alberto Pezzali/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images ATP tour rankings Clive Brunskill/Getty Images WTA tour rankings KARIM JAAFAR/AFP/Getty Images Tennis schedule Keep track of the complete ATP and WTA calendars. Madhu Kapparath North-east football: Centre, forward Football has been more than a sport for India's north-east region; it has given people an identity. And Aizawl's stunning I-League run offers a lesson in building the sport from the grassroots. Dave Merrell #FC 100: Our list of the 100 best players and managers in world football We polled our top writers and analysts to rank the best players and managers in world football. Here are their selections. It's #FC100. Adrian Murrell/Allsport India's 500th Test -- A celebration ESPN remembers the past through the course of India's 500th Test. Featured India v West Indies Pro Kabaddi League Indian Super League I-League Premier League La Liga Champions League ESPN Awards ESPN India writer index ESPN Fantasy Football Featured Sports Kabaddi Hockey Badminton Wrestling Follow ESPN India Facebook Twitter Instagram ESPN Sites The Cricket Monthly The Undefeated espnW Terms of Use Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-based Ads About Nielsen Measurement © 2018 ESPN Sports Media Ltd. All rights reserved. Report a Bug Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Nielsen Measurement ABOUT COOKIES To help make this website better, to improve and personalize your experience and for advertising purposes, are you happy to accept cookies and other technologies? Yes More Info Here Cookie Choi