Top Events NBA NFL MLB NHL NCAAF NCAAB Soccer Facebook Twitter icons / flipboard icons / reddit icons / print Combined-Shape Videos Photos Podcasts Vault Shop Tickets Subscribe Close NFL The MMQB Archive Scores Schedule Standings Stats Fantasy Odds Tickets Game Stream NCAAF News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds Tickets NBA The Crossover Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds WNBA Tickets MLB News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Tickets Soccer Planet Fútbol En Español Scores Schedule Standings Tickets Watch Live Soccer NCAAB News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds Tickets NHL News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Tickets Golf News Leaderboard Schedule World Rankings Statistics Tickets Tennis Fantasy News 4FOR4 Premium Draft Kit Draft Analyzer ADP Bargains Customizable Cheat Sheets LeagueSync Gambling Analysis NFL Odds CFB Odds NBA Odds MLB Odds Soccer Odds Swim ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Mustard SI TV ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. News Scores Watch SI TV ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. News Scores Watch Photos Podcasts SI TV ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. SI Kids ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Fansided ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Login Register Shop ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Tickets Right-arrow Created with Sketch. nfl nba college football college hoops mlb nhl soccer mma boxing tennis NFL Right-arrow Created with Sketch. The MMQB Archive Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Game Stream ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. College Football Right-arrow Created with Sketch. News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. NBA Right-arrow Created with Sketch. The Crossover Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds WNBA Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. MLB Right-arrow Created with Sketch. News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Soccer Right-arrow Created with Sketch. Planet Futbol En Español Scores Schedule Standings Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Watch Live Soccer ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. College Hoops Right-arrow Created with Sketch. News Scores Schedule Rankings Standings Stats Odds Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. NHL Right-arrow Created with Sketch. News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Golf Right-arrow Created with Sketch. News Leaderboard Schedule World Rankings Statistics Tickets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Tennis Fantasy Sports Right-arrow Created with Sketch. News 4FOR4 Premium Draft Kit ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Draft Analyzer ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. ADP Bargains ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Customizable Cheat Sheets ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. LeagueSync ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Gambling Right-arrow Created with Sketch. Analysis NFL Odds CFB Odds NBA Odds MLB Odds Soccer Odds Swimsuit ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Extra Mustard SI TV ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Media Edge Vault ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Longform ic_externalLink Created with Sketch. Sportsperson Eats WNBA Olympics MMA Boxing Racing Newsletter Customer Service Subscribe To The Magazine Give a Gift Buy Covers Order Past Issues Subscribe to SI Kids Advertise With Us Online Magazine Contact Us Site Map Terms of Use Your California Privacy Rights Stay Connected icons / facebook icons / twitter icons / instagram icons / flipboard icons / reddit 1:42 College Football The 10 College QBs NFL Fans Dreaming of the 2019 Draft Need to See Is your NFL team’s season circling the drain? Spend your weekends scrutinizing these draft-eligible QBs as their seasons heat up. by Scooby Axson NFL Six NFL Head Coaches on the Hot Seat by Jonathan Jones NFL NFL Midseason Playoff Predictions, Award Winners by The MMQB Staff HEADLINES Bama Fan Beaten in Fight After LSU Game Dies Baseball Execs Think Phillies Are Frontrunners for Harper Broncos Coach Joseph: Thomas 'Has Got to Move on' MLB Rumors: Could Cards Pursue D-backs' Goldschmidt? Ex-Cowboys WR Bryant Signs One-Year Deal With Saints Mayweather Says Fight vs. Nasukawa Is Not Happening Yankees' Sanchez to Undergo Left Shoulder Surgery NFL Mock Draft: Three QBs Go in the First 12 Picks 1:51 College Football College Football Picks Week 11: Can the Top Teams Hang Tough Through Thanksgiving? With only three Saturdays left in the season, playoff hopefuls can see the finish line—but now is not the time to get cocky. by The SI Staff 39 minutes ago 1:52 NBA The Lakers' Youngsters Are Taking a Step in the Right Direction Wednesday's 114-110 win over Minnesota was the young Lakers foursome’s best night of the LeBron era.  by Michael Shapiro 1:39 NBA Analyzing the Best NBA Draft Prospects From Champions Classic There were nearly two dozen NBA prospects playing in the Champions Classic on Tuesday. The Crossover's Front Office offers observations on Duke's dominant trio and more. by Jeremy Woo 0:52 NFL Panthers-Steelers Pick: Carolina Must Stop James Conner Mesh concepts, high-low routes and what else to watch for when two surging contenders face off on Thursday Night Football. by Andy Benoit 0:41 MLB Giants Enlist Former Dodgers GM Farhan Zaidi to Clean Up an Expensive, Aging Roster Farhan Zaidi has plenty of work ahead of him to fix the Giants, starting with one question: should he trade Madison Bumgarner? by Jack Dickey 0:29 NFL Dez Bryant's Fantasy Football Value in New Orleans Dez Bryant finally found a home for the 2018 season, signing with the Saints on Wednesday. What is his fantasy value as part of this elite offense? by Michael Beller 0:29 NFL Sam Darnold’s Reported Foot Injury May Provide Needed Time on the Bench After a promising start, Jets QB Sam Darnold has struggled through his last three games—and he’s not the only rookie QB to go through hard times. Could a week on the bench with a reported foot injury be what Darnold needs to snap that slump? by Conor Orr American Chess's Comeback Meet Fabiano Caruana, who's taking on world champion Magnus Carlsen in an attempt to become the first American to win the title since Bobby Fischer in 1972. Subscribe Today The MMQB TV Every week Albert Breer, Andrew Perloff and Bart Scott bring you a smart and insightful look into the NFL and break down the important matchups. Subscribe Today 14 Back Now that the Red Sox eliminated the Yankees from the postseason, watch the epic origin story of baseball's greatest rivalry. Subscribe Today Meet WVU's Heisman Candidate Will Grier has reached a different stage of his life than most of the other top QBs in the nation. Here's how he balances being a football star and a father at West Virginia. Subscribe Today Crossover TV Crossover TV is back for the 2018-19 NBA season. Hosts Rohan Nadkarni and Madelyn Burke dish on everything happening both on and off the court. Subscribe Today The Andy Reid Coaching Tree John Harbaugh, Doug Pederson, Ron Rivera, Pat Shurmur and Matt Nagy describe the impact their former mentor had on their careers. Subscribe Today 1 of 6 SI WRITERS Andy StaplesCollege Football Kansas Needs to Hire a Coach Who Runs a Different System Jeremy WooCollege Basketball There's No Hiding Duke's Terrifying Potential Anymore Rohan NadkarniNBA Explaining the Rockets' Early-Season Malaise Alex PrewittNHL Willie O'Ree's Fulfilling Journey to the Hockey Hall of Fame Jon TaylerMLB Yankees Need to Fix Their Pitching Staff to Catch Red Sox Sign Up for our Newsletter Don't get stuck on the sidelines! Sign up to get exclusives, daily highlights, analysis and more—delivered right to your inbox! Sign up Now SI True Crime Podcast: Fall of a Titan More on the Steve McNair Case » NFL Episode 4: The Ex-Con and the Ex-Boyfriend Two men associated with Steve McNair's girlfriend were believed to have been involved in the murder, only to later be cleared by police. But at least one of them seems to have lied about his alibi. NFL Episode 3: Steve McNair's Extramarital Romance Steve McNair is retired from football, he’s trying to find his identity and his marriage appears to be on the rocks. Then he meets a 19-year-old Dave & Buster's waitress. NFL Episode 2: The Air McNair Origin Story Heisman hopeful. Top-five draft pick. Playboy. Let's take a trip back to Mississippi to explore Steve McNair's history and to retrace the steps that led him to the condo where he was killed. NFL Episode 1: The Private Eye Shortly after McNair’s death, a former Nashville police officer named Vincent Hill starts digging into the case on his own, reaching out to the victims’ friends and family and sifting through rumors. The MMQB More from The MMQB » 1:59 NFL A Deep Dive Into Sharrif Floyd's $180 Million Lawsuit Against Dr. James Andrews Sharrif Floyd's lawsuit against Dr. James Andrews won’t be an easy case to settle, riddled with challenges in proving $180 million in damages.  by Michael McCann 0:30 NFL Dysfunction in Cleveland: The Final Days of Hue Jackson and Future Under Baker Mayfield The Hue Jackson era ended, and Gregg Williams's tenure as interim head coach is underway. Here's what the last week has been like for the Browns. by Robert Klemko NFL The Biggest Surprises of the NFL Season So Far NFL Ten Most-Valuable Non-QBs NFL NFL Playoff Positioning Is Starting to Take Shape The Crossover More from the crossover » 2:37 NBA NBA Power Rankings: Warriors Claim Top Spot After Historic Week Klay Thompson turning into a human flamethrower on his historic night and the Warriors showing the most dangerous version of themselves sees them take the top spot in this week's power rankings.  by Khadrice Rollins 2:37 NBA Miles Plumlee Leans on Burning Man Experience to Lead Young Hawks Miles Plumlee isn't afraid to try new things. He unicycles through New York City, endures grueling workouts and parties at Burning Man. At the end of the day, he uses all of those experiences to help lead a young Hawks team.  by Jake Fischer NBA Top 60 NBA Draft Prospects NBA LeBron Can No Longer Cover the Cavs' Many Flaws NBA David Stern Has by No Means Retired Gambling More Gambling Coverage » 1:23 College Football Weekly Tip Sheet: Betting Guide to Week 11 of College Football Need the best preparation available to help you analyze the gambling lines for every college football game in Week 11? SI has you covered with the betting guide that winners use by Scott Gramling 2:01 NFL The MMQB Staff's Favorite Week 10 Bets Against the Spread Which NFC road favorite does Jenny Vrentas love to cover this week? What about the AFC East underdog that Andy Benoit thinks has great value? by The MMQB Staff 1:42 College Football Mississippi State QB Nick Fitzgerald Could Give Alabama Fits After a dominant victory at LSU, Alabama should have no trouble covering another large spread at home against three-loss Mississippi State, right? Not so fast. by Ed McGrogan 1:37 NFL Pittsburgh Hasn't Been Strong Play at Home Can the Panthers' ground attack gash a strong Steelers run defense? We explore in our betting preview of Thursday night's game.  by Scott Gramling Swimsuit & Extra Mustard Extra Mustard Wednesday’s Hot Clicks: Dwight Howard Took Maybe the Worst Shot of the NBA Season Dwight thought he was Tim Duncan. by Dan Gartland 6:37Swimsuit A Day in the Life of 2019 SI Swimsuit Rookie Tara Lynn Get to know 2019 SI Swimsuit Rookie Tara Lynn as she takes us to the gym, a casting call and a park with her kids. Extra Mustard Best Election Day Story Involves John Krasinski, Chris Paul wrestling Kurt Angle Puts Drew McIntyre Over Again NFL Now You Can Wear NFL Uniforms in Fortnite Features 1:06 More Sports One Young Player Can Achieve Something American Chess Hasn't Done in 50 Years Fabiano Caruana's opportunity to become the first American to win the World Chess Championships since 1972 marks the resurgence of U.S. Chess, but America's chess comeback story began before his rise up the ranks. by Jeremy Fuchs 0:40 Olympics What's Next for USA Gymnastics as the USOC Tries to Decertify It? Several U.S. Olympic-related organizations have endured controversy in recent years. None have dealt with decertification until now. So what lies ahead for USA Gymnastics? by Lauren Green MLB What Should Houston Do to Replace Lance McCullers? MLB It's Hard to Understand Why Anyone Wanted L.A. to Fire Dave Roberts College Football Will Grier Balancing Fatherhood, Football at WVU Video More SI Videos » 1:44NFL Saints Looking Like the Super Bowl Favorite Right Now 1:23College Football What No. 5 Georgia and No. 6 Oklahoma Must Do to Reach the Playoff NFL Is Mike McCarthy's Time Up In Green Bay? NBA Don't Overlook Nassir Little When Discussing Top NBA Draft Prospects NBA An Anthony Davis Trade Request May Come Soon Subscribe & Save Subscribe to Sports Illustrated today. Subscribe Now Sign Up for our Newsletter Don't get stuck on the sidelines! Sign up to get exclusives, daily highlights, analysis and more—delivered right to your inbox! Sign up Now icons / facebook icons / twitter icons / instagram icons / flipboard icons / reddit NFL MMQB Scores Schedules Standings Stats Odds Tickets NBA The Crossover Scores Schedules Standings Stats Odds Tickets MLB News Scores Schedules Standings Stats Odds Tickets NHL News NHL 100 Scores Schedule Standings Stats Odds Tickets NCAAB News Scores Schedules Standings Stats Odds Tickets NCAAF News Scores Schedules Standings Rankings Stats Odds Tickets Soccer Planet Futbol Scores Schedules Standings Tickets Other Sports Golf Boxing MMA Racing Tennis Olympics Sports Illustrated may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. © 2018 Time Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (Your California Privacy Rights). Ad Choices | EU Data Subject Requests ✕ Already a Member? Log In Email Address Enter valid email address Password Remember Me Forgot Password? Not A Member? Sign Up Now Forgot Password close Please enter your email address associated with the account so we can help reset your password.   Email Address Enter valid email address Newsletter Sign Up First Name Last Name Email Address Enter valid email address Zip Code Please enter zip code or country for newsletter signup   Country Country United States of America Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Korea Republic of Moldova Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Virgin Islands (U.S.) Virgin Islands (British) Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please enter country or zip code for newsletter signup Newsletter Sign Up SELECT ALL The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays The MMQB’s Jacob Feldman shares the NFL’s best stories and biggest news (plus an opinion or two) every weekday. Weekdays The MMQB’s Jacob Feldman shares the NFL’s best stories and biggest news (plus an opinion or two) every weekday. Weekdays Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily By signing up, I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy. For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408. Welcome to your personalized SI You have successfully created your Sports Illustrated Account. Manage Profile Continue to SI.com My SI Settings Favorite Teams Edit You currently have no favorite teams. Favorite Writers Edit You currently have no favorite writers. Manage Profile Log Out close Manage Profile close Basic Info First Name Last Name Email Address Enter valid email address Change Password Current Password Enter your current password New Password Must be at least 6 characters and contain a number and an uppercase and lowercase letter Show Password Sports Illustrated treats this information with care and respect. For details, review Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Edit Favorite Teams close Remove or add teams to and from your list of favorites Teams In Your Area Add more favorite teams from the list below based on your geolocation My Teams Combined-Shape Close Local Teams NFL NCAAF NBA NCAAB MLB NHL No team results found. Show League List Edit Favorite Writers close Remove or add writers to and from your list of favorites My Favorite Writers Add Writers ✕ Newsletter Sign Up The most trusted voice in sports delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up now to receive Sports Illustrated's best content, special offers and much more. Email Address Zip Code Country Country United States of America Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Islands Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Korea Republic of Moldova Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Virgin Islands (U.S.) Virgin Islands (British) Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe SELECT ALL The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more. Weekdays The MMQB’s Jacob Feldman shares the NFL’s best stories and biggest news (plus an opinion or two) every weekday. Weekdays The MMQB’s Jacob Feldman shares the NFL’s best stories and biggest news (plus an opinion or two) every weekday. Weekdays Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Your destination for all things Swim. Tues / Thurs / Sat Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment). Daily By signing up I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from email communication at anytime. Submit For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408. ✕ Success Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox to confirm your email address and start receiving newsletters. . View Profile Full Scoreboard HOLE YARDS PAR R1 R2 R3 R4 OUT HOLE YARDS PAR 