Home Mail Tumblr News Sports Finance Entertainment Lifestyle Answers Groups Mobile More Fantasy Basketball is here. Sign Up Now » Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content Mail Sports Home Fantasy NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAAF Soccer Golf NCAAB MMA World Cup Boxing NASCAR Tennis WNBA NCAAW Olympics Indycar Horse Racing Cycling Odds Videos Podcasts Rivals Shop Help Jobs 'I do not want to hurt your feelings' A 7-year-old Cowboys fan called out owner Jerry Jones in his letter Trending All Scores Final PHI 100 IND 94 Final DEN 87 MEM 89 Final DAL 102 UTA 117 Final MIN 110 LAL 114 Final CHI 98 NO 107 Final TOR 114 SAC 105 Final SA 88 MIA 95 Final DET 103 ORL 96 Position rankings: Week 10 fantasy guide With the push to make the fantasy playoffs on, each win is vital down the stretch. Let our analysts help you with the tough decisions.Ranks for every position » 21 Report: Several teams interested in Terry Rozier Mark your calendar for the Dez revenge game Super agent says tanking teams hurting MLB Sports The Independent Conor McGregor in racism controversy after Instagram post about Floyd Mayweather and Tenshin Nasukawa Conor McGregor has courted racism controversy again with a social media post comparing Floyd Mayweather and Japanese kickboxing sensation Tenshin Nasukawa to Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan. Mayweather shocked the fighting world on Monday by announcing that he will take on Nasukawa, a 20-year-old undefeated kickboxing and karate specialist, in a fight with as yet unconfirmed rules in the Japanese city of Saitama on New Year’s Eve. McGregor, who had been talked about as an option for Mayweather’s comeback fight, mocked the American’s choice of opponent in a foul-mouthed Instagram post – but in doing so he compared the 41-year-old boxing great to comedian Tucker and Nasukawa to legendary Hong Kong martial artist and actor Chan, in a reference to the pair’s collaboration in the ‘Rush Hour’ film franchise. Floyd Mayweather denies agreeing to bout against kickboxer and says he hadn't heard of opponent until trip to Japan The Telegraph Floyd Mayweather vs Tenshin Nasukawa: Boxer announces planned New Year's Eve fight is off The Independent 99 Sponsored Fabindia.com Women's Rajwada Collection by Fabinda This festive season, make Rajwada your own and #BeTheOccasion. Experience banarasi, silk, chanderi fabrics in vibrant hues. Shop the regal glory now! Men's Rajwada Collection by Fabindia Fabindia.com Kid's Rajwada Collection by Fabindia Fabindia.com Sports Yahoo Sports Steve Kerr asks Adam Silver not to fine him after comparing Zion Williamson to LeBron James Steve Kerr is hoping he won’t get fined by Adam Silver. Golden State Warriors coach Steve Kerr may have talked his way into a fine Wednesday. During his daily media scrum, Kerr spoke glowingly about Duke freshman Zion Williamson before realizing his comments could get him in trouble. Duke freshmen dominate Kentucky, confirm status as team to watch this season Yahoo Sports Fantastic freshmen help No. 4 Duke blow out No. 2 Kentucky The Associated Press 65 Make Yahoo Sports your Homepage Headlines The Rush: Mayweather’s excuse for canceling his next fight is baffling Le'Veon Bell spotted in Pittsburgh, sends cryptic tweets How Dez Bryant could add missing piece to scary Saints Report: Browns owners to allow GM Dorsey to decide next coach Rick Ankiel, 39, has elbow surgery in lead-up to expected comeback Personalize Personalize your videos, scores, and news! We've got you started with local teams.Sign In Follow Yahoo Sports Yahoo Sports - NBC Sports Network, Stats LLC, Opta. All Rights Reserved Help Suggestions Privacy (Updated) About ou