Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Tomorrow's World TV Radio Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC BBC Homepage   US cracks down on asylum for migrants Illegal migrants entering from Mexico will be ineligible for asylum in the US, a statement says. US & Canada US cracks down on asylum for migrants Texas judge releases defendants after election loss US Texas judge releases defendants after election loss The wargame that almost ended the world Future The wargame that almost ended the world 'Remarkable' decline in fertility rates Health 'Remarkable' decline in fertility rates The youth trend spreading among boomers Capital The youth trend spreading among boomers News Ex-Marine suspect in California bar attack The bar was hosting a university student country music night when a gunman opened fire, killing 12. US & Canada Ex-Marine suspect in California bar attack 'Why did you kill my family?' Six members of one family died in an arson attack during clashes in Nicaragua. Latin America & Caribbean 'Why did you kill my family?' Florida senate race recount triggered A number of tight races across the country could also require runoffs or recounts in the coming days. US & Canada Florida senate race recount triggered Sport England chasing victory on day four in Galle Sri Lanka host England at the Galle International Stadium in the first Test of three - follow live text commentary. Cricket England chasing victory on day four in Galle Arsenal fear 'very big' Welbeck injury Arsenal fear forward Danny Welbeck has a "very big injury" after he was carried off on a stretcher in the Europa League game against Sporting Lisbon. European Football Arsenal fear 'very big' Welbeck injury Giroud sends Chelsea through in Europa League Olivier Giroud's first goal of the season helps Chelsea into the last 32 of the Europa League as they edge to victory over BATE Borisov. European Football Giroud sends Chelsea through in Europa League BBC Reel: Look beyond your world The flower that only blooms every 12 years The incredibly rare Neelakurinji flower is one of India’s best-kept secrets Reel The flower that only blooms every 12 years An unusual way to help injured animals One man's surprising solution for dogs, goats and even eagles Reel An unusual way to help injured animals The tiny US island with a British accent For hundreds of years, the residents of Tangier Island have maintained a unique relic of their colonial past Reel The tiny US island with a British accent Mumbai Weather Edit Fri 36°C 25°C Sat 35°C 25°C Sun 36°C 25°C Mon 36°C 24°C India News Things Indians do to beat pollution Some popular ways Indians try to beat air pollution - but do they really work? India Things Indians do to beat pollution Windies await Women's World T20 defence Hosts West Indies will begin the defence of their Women's World Twenty20 title on Friday when they face Bangladesh in Guyana. Women's Cricket Windies await Women's World T20 defence 'Why a name change killed my city's soul' The ancient city of Allahabad is the birthplace of some of India's most famous writers, politicians and scientists. India 'Why a name change killed my city's soul' Toxic smog returns to Delhi after Diwali India's top court imposed a timeframe for burning firecrackers, but the order was openly flouted. India Toxic smog returns to Delhi after Diwali Editor’s Picks Why a herd of zebra is called a dazzle These scintillating nouns are neither coincidence nor misnomer Travel Why a herd of zebra is called a dazzle 'It confirms Jenkins as one of today's best filmmakers' Caryn James on reviews If Beale Street Could Talk Culture 'It confirms Jenkins as one of today's best filmmakers' Myth-busting the vibrator’s origins No, physicians didn’t actually come up with it to treat ‘hysteria’ Future Myth-busting the vibrator’s origins What we fail to understand about the 1% Some startling misperceptions about the wealthiest in the land. Capital What we fail to understand about the 1% The surprising story of wallpaper How a staple of luxury décor has gone from work of art to designer must-have Designed The surprising story of wallpaper Our son's traumatic birth left me with PTSD During his wife's labour which lasted 22 hours, Mark had his first ever panic attack BBC Three Our son's traumatic birth left me with PTSD City's road signs hacked by artist Art experts say they hope the signs in the centre of Edinburgh will not be removed Scotland City's road signs hacked by artist Latest Business News 1 Disney's record results boosted by movies 2 Bombardier to cut 5,000 jobs worldwide 3 Harassment victims at Google gain more power 4 Tesla names new chair to replace Elon Musk 5 Hawking treasures auctioned for £1.8m Technology of Business Business Could these balls help reduce plastic pollution? Could these balls help reduce plastic pollution? ADVERTISEMENT Taiwan Travel 'I'll paint until I can no longer see' 'I'll paint until I can no longer see' Featured video The last thing I said was 'Son, I love you' The father of one of the victims of a shooting in a California bar pays emotional tribute to his son. US & Canada The last thing I said was 'Son, I love you' Recommended Most Watched Latest The last thing I said was 'Son, I love you' US & Canada The last thing I said was 'Son, I love you' Which of these newsreaders isn't real? China Which of these newsreaders isn't real? How Germans remember the World Wars Europe How Germans remember the World Wars Alibaba Singles Day: Dollars or data? Business Alibaba Singles Day: Dollars or data? How Trump turned on Sessions US & Canada How Trump turned on Sessions Boris Johnson struggles in interview UK Boris Johnson struggles in interview Ready for the total solar eclipse? US & Canada Ready for the total solar eclipse? Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of... Australia Koalas 'face extinction' in parts of Australia Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Middle East Video 'shows Mosul mosque's destruction' Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders Asia Indonesia's female 'devil wheel' riders One-minute World News Video One-minute World News 'I lost my leg to type 2 diabetes' Health 'I lost my leg to type 2 diabetes' How did Prince Charles do with Pidgin speech? Africa How did Prince Charles do with Pidgin speech? BBC World Service On Air: BBC News More from around the BBC 'Anyone' can be Hong Kong's safety hero Online supporters rally for a safety campaign mascot dressed in blue lycra from head-to-toe BBC Trending 'Anyone' can be Hong Kong's safety hero China unveils AI news presenter The state news agency Xinhua says the nameless presenter will help reduce news production costs. Technology China unveils AI news presenter Thousands try to get Michelle Obama tickets Tens of thousands are disappointed trying to get tickets for her talk at London's South Bank. Entertainment & Arts Thousands try to get Michelle Obama tickets Finland: Where second-hand comes first As concern grows about climate change and resources, is it time to re-use more of our junk? Science & Environment Finland: Where second-hand comes first Women warned over heart attack risks High blood pressure, smoking and diabetes increase heart attack risk more in women, a study has... Health Women warned over heart attack risks Paypal stops payments for Tommy Robinson Mr Robinson says he used Paypal to collect donations for legal battles, and calls the ban "fascism". Technology Paypal stops payments for Tommy Robinson Africa's top shots: Deep dives and big wins A selection of the best photos from across Africa this week. Africa Africa's top shots: Deep dives and big wins From Our Correspondents The Acosta affair: An unpopular opinion By Emily Maitlis Can the government deliver on radical care reform? By Nick Triggle Relief at social networks as defences hold By Dave Lee Mid-term results: What this all means for Trump By Anthony Zurcher Israel-Arab ties warm up after long deep freeze By Yolande Knell Scooter firm pushing for law change By Rory Cellan-Jones India's tiger killings: A success story gone wrong? By Soutik Biswas The city banking on more guns to make it safer By Patience Atuhaire Generation Project The Starbucks run by senior citizens Capital The Starbucks run by senior citizens Foreign-language films The greatest African film ever? Culture The greatest African film ever? World in pictures Migrant caravan rests in Mexico City Latin America & Caribbean Migrant caravan rests in Mexico City A year of stunning Weather Watchers photos Features A year of stunning Weather Watchers photos World sport: 10 photos we liked this week Sport World sport: 10 photos we liked this week David Bowie 1983: An intimate portrait In Pictures David Bowie 1983: An intimate portrait Extreme dressing up - not just for Halloween News Extreme dressing up - not just for Halloween BBC in other languages Hindi कौन था कैलिफ़ोर्निया में बार पर हमला करने वाला संदिग्ध? Urdu دوست ملک اور آئی ایم ایف سے قرض لینے میں کیا فرق ہے؟ Tamil சட்டவிரோதமாக நுழையும் குடியேறிகள் இனி அமெரிக்காவில் புகலிடம் கோர முடியாது Marathi अमेरिकेचे इराणवर निर्बंध : इराणमधले नैसर्गिक वायूंचे साठे असे ठरतील हुकुमाचा एक्का More Languages Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz Кыргыз Marathi मराठी Nepali नेपाली Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Portuguese BRASIL Russian НА РУССКОМ Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMA