      U.K. India U.S. News Sport TV&Showbiz Femail Health Science Money Video Coffee Break Travel Columnists Latest headlines World News You mag Event Books Mail Shop Property Horoscopes Blogs Motoring My Profile Logout Login Friday, Nov 9th 20186AM31°C9AM32°C5-Day Forecast Advertisement show ad Strictly Come Dancing's Danny John-Jules 'gets final warning from BBC bosses after he left professional partner Amy Dowden in tears during training with tirade of shouting and swearing' Strictly Come Dancing star Danny John-Jules has reportedly been issued with a 'final warning' by show bosses over his 'bullying' behaviour. The Red Dwarf actor, 58, has allegedly left his professional partner Amy Dowden (pictured with Danny on Strictly centre and right) in tears during training this week, after shouting and swearing at the dancer. After fleeing to a cafe following a tense session on Wednesday, the Welsh dancer called producers to say she did not know if she could continue, leading bosses to step in and hold a series of meetings with the acclaimed actor. A source close to the show told MailOnline: 'It’s been a tough week for Danny and Amy’ (pictured inset leading filming for It Takes Two on Thursday evening) 16 552 comments 3 videos 'She'll get what she's given': Queen 'had words' with Harry over 'very difficult' Meghan's choice of wedding tiara The Queen had words with Prince Harry (above, with Meghan on their wedding day) over his 'difficult' bride Meghan Markle’s choice of wedding tiara, it has been revealed. 'What Meghan wants, Meghan gets,' Prince Harry repeatedly told staff before his wedding in May, according to a book by reporter Richard Jobson. So he 'hit the roof' when the couple were told Meghan, 37, couldn't wear her first choice of tiara – which featured emeralds – because of concerns it might have come from Russia. A royal insider claims the Queen (bottom right) stepped in and told Harry: 'She gets what tiara she's given by me.' Meghan ended up wearing Queen Mary's diamond and platinum bandeau tiara (bottom left) on her wedding day.  1.1k 4 comments 1 video No-Deal Brexit WILL mean a border in the Irish Sea despite PM's promise to the DUP, leaked letter reveals  Brussels will include a plan to put a customs border in the Irish Sea if there is a no-deal Brexit, a leaked letter from Theresa May suggests. comments 4 shares No-Deal Brexit WILL mean a border in the Irish Sea, leaked letter says Humiliation for Barnier as EU politicians IGNORE his Brexit speech at conference in Finland - and Merkel walks out halfway through Click through today in pictures Gigi, Kendall and Bella rule Victoria's Secret runway Lima Victoria's Secret Spice Girls Duchess Catherine Cheryl Lima Victoria's Secret Next Previous Simon Cowell ‘pays £10m to buy bully Sir Phillip Green out of his Syco firm after concerns he was toxic for the brand’ Cowell is reported to have said he considered any link with the 66-year-old, who had a 5% share in his Syco firm, to be 'toxic' after Sir Philip was accused of verbally abusing staff in a new 'MeToo' scandal. 2 comments 1 video share Simon Cowell ‘pays £10m to buy Sir Phillip Green out of his Syco firm' Can't shake a cold? Try these! From supplements to exercises to diet changes: 10 techniques proven by science to stave of sniffles and coughs Some 70 percent of us will get a respiratory infection each year. It's the most common reason anyone goes to a doctor. There is little you can do to speed it up - but these 10 tips may help you, though. 70 89 comments 1 video Could ESSEX be the new Champagne? Wine buffs say global warming will give county the same climate as the famous French region - and nearly 86,500 acres of Britain will make prime vineyards Viticulture experts from the University of East Anglia identified the areas of the UK which could rival the Champagne region of France because of climate change. 43 comments 1 video 11 shares Essex could one day grow grapes to rival Champagne's, say experts Stranded in 104F heat, starving and desperately alone: The horrific final moments of teen parents, their toddler son and a 12-year-old boy who died in the Outback after their car broke down The bodies of a man and a woman and their three-year-old son were found in the Northern Territory on Wednesday 3miles away from their broken-down car near the community of Wirliyajarrayi - before a 12-year-old boy was found near the others. Five days earlier they had left the community of Willowra (main and inset) - and with NT police now launching a final search for any other passengers - more details of their deaths have been revealed. 1.2k 44 comments 'Viper in the nest': How a tiny head shake gave away child-killer bus driver who befriended his victim's parents and even slept in their BED after murdering their eight-year-old son Darren Vickers befriended, groomed and abused eight-year-old Jamie Lavis before killing him in Openshaw, Greater Manchester in 1997. A new documentary has analysed his actions. 128 87 comments 2 videos RICHARD LITTLEJOHN: For those 7,000 Britons still watching TV in black and white - do not adjust your set, television was much better in 1967 London has the biggest concentration of monochrome sets, followed by the West Midlands. More than 7,000 households are still watching black and white television sets. 2 comments 3 shares For those watching TV in black and white - do not adjust your set Yet another NHS flu jab fiasco! After vaccine that didn’t work, now thousands of over-65s are struggling to get one after improved batch was ordered months later than usual  Barbara Thomas, 75 and from Billingshurst, West Sussex has found herself unable to get the flu jab as her surgery has been low on supplies and many patients have been turned away. 226 comments 1 video 25 shares Over-65s struggling to get flu jab as new vaccine causes difficulties Parents BAN nannies from social media while working – and are even hiring older home helps who are less likely to be glued to their screens, agencies reveal Nannies are being asked to sign contracts that limit their smartphone time due to fears they're glued to their screens, it was reported last night. 29 comments 1 share Parents BAN nannies from social media while working PRINCE CHARLES AT 70   It's Grandpa Wales! Heartwarming family photos show Charles playing with young Prince Louis and spinning Camilla's granddaughter around in documentary to mark his 70th birthday Proudly laughing at his new grandson, Prince Louis, this is the image (left) that shatters the belief Prince Charles is anything but a doting grandparent. The never seen before photograph was featured last night in a fascinating documentary marking the heir to the throne’s 70th birthday next week. Taken in September in the gardens at Clarence House, the prince’s official London residence, it shows the Duchess of Cambridge, wearing a spotted blue dress, holding up little Louis, who was born in April, to see his grandfather. The little prince, who would have been aged around five months at the time, reaches out and grabs his grandfather’s hands with his fingers, leaving Charles chuckling with delight. The Prince of Wales was also pictured spending some quality time with Camilla's granddaughter, Lola, as he playfully swung her around (right). The prince, dressed in a beige suit, open-necked shirt and tasseled loafers, appears to be having as much fun as Lola Parker Bowles, daughter of Camilla’s son, Tom.  3.3k 1.2k comments 5 videos One had one job! Hilarious footage captures Charles and the Queen getting stuck in a traffic jam of world leaders on the way to an engagement This is the hilarious moment Prince Charles and the Queen got stuck in a 'traffic jam' Buckingham Palace as revealed in behind-the-scenes footage of his confirmation as Commonwealth leader. 153 29 comments 6 videos 'God don butta my bread!' Prince Charles drops Queen's English and speaks in PIDGIN during speech in Nigeria Speaking in a mixture of pidgin and West African language Yoruba just a few days before my 70th birthday he addressed the ' Una people. Na fine Lagos people!' (Wonderful people of Lagos!). 1 comment 2 videos 2 shares 'God don butta my bread!' Prince drops Queen's English for pidgin 'The best thing to have ever been on the telly': Viewers gobble up hilarious footage of Prince Charles talking to a TURKEY The documentary, Prince, Son and Heir – Charles at 70, aired on BBC One this evening and offered a fascinating portrait of the king-in-waiting and in one hilarious clip, The Prince of Wales gobbles at turkeys. While walking around Dumfries House farm he says: 'We wanted to have an education farm to try and see if we could make the most of reconnecting people to where their foods comes from. 'I love these turkeys, they make me laugh so much.' He then gobbles at the turkeys. leaving social media users in stiches online. One said: 'Prince Charles doing an impression of a Turkey was everything #PrinceCharles #PrinceSonandHeir'. Another said: 'Prince Charles gobbling at a Turkey has GOT to be the best thing ever seen on telly, what a man.' 85 comments 4 videos 134 shares Viewers gobble up hilarious footage of Charles talking to a TURKEY Plastic fantastic! Viewers heap praise on Charles for being '50 years ahead of the curve' calling for a crackdown on waste (and LOVE his eco-friendly Aston Martin that runs on white wine) The documentary, Prince, Son and Heir – Charles at 70, aired on BBC One this evening and offered a fascinating portrait of the king-in-waiting and his passion for the environment. 78 comments 3 videos 282 shares Plastic fantastic! Viewers heap praise on Charles for environmentalism From a family portrait featuring his grandson to a vase bursting with wildflowers, Prince Charles offers a rare look inside his private Scottish retreat at Birkhall in new BBC documentary  Prince Charles, 69, opened the doors to Birkhall, on Balmoral estate in Aberdeenshire, for TV special Prince, Son and Heir: Charles at 70, which airs tonight on BBC One. 194 comments 2 videos 7 shares Prince Charles offers a look inside his Scottish retreat at Birkhall JANET STREET-PORTER: There IS still a role for a slimmed-down Royal Family after the Queen but NOT with Kim Un Charles in charge, he should spend more time with his grandkids and let Wills take over A new television documentary claims to show we have nothing to fear when Prince Charles eventually becomes King. A film crew has followed the Prince for a year, managing to coax a few nuggets from the testy Royal, including the fact he doesn’t plan to ‘interfere’ so much when he finally ascends to the throne. Really? Make no mistake, the Royal family (or The Firm as they call themselves) have an army of well-paid advisors and courtiers who realise a prime time television show is a terrific PR opportunity to promote their brand. As Charles turns 70, it’s a chance to reassure those who contribute millions every year towards the running costs of the Royals, via taxes they can’t opt out of. Films about the British Royal family appear on our television screens with monotonous regularity these days - when it comes to shameless propaganda the coverage seems little different from the promotional bilge pumped out in North Korea about their bizarre and secretive President. Prince Charles will have loathed whole proposition of a birthday fly-on-the-wall film and the resulting intrusion - he’s not someone who watches reality television or is familiar with fly on the wall documentaries. But he will have been ordered to co-operate, to ensure the Royal Brand doesn’t suffer any further erosion in popularity - especially as many of us can’t see why Charles doesn’t just bow out and let William take over.  468 comments 1 video 11 shares There IS still a role for a slimmed-down Royal Family after the Queen Police launch manhunt after girl, 12, suffers 'blatant and repeated' sexual assault in a Primark store The girl was in a Primark store in Bury, Greater Manchester at around 4.30pm on September 11 when the incident took place. The man is alleged to have walked behind her and groped her. 5.3k 140 comments Tory MP's wife, 44, who was caught drink-driving on the SCHOOL RUN is banned from the roads for 15 months Victoria Sturdy, 44, who works as a part-time secretary for her husband, Conservative MP Julian Sturdy, was banned from driving for 15 months after caught drink driving in York in September. 14 comments 5 shares Tory MP's wife caught drink-driving on the SCHOOL RUN is banned Saudi Arabia considers disbanding oil production cartel OPEC amid growing pressure following Trump criticisms and Jamal Khashoggi murder The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, founded in 1960, coordinates petroleum prices among producers and maintains a regular supply to consumer nations. 1 comment share Saudi Arabia considers disbanding OPEC Head of Britain's Armed Forces who served in Northern Ireland says he feels 'uncomfortable' at prospect of facing probe over killings during The Troubles Tory MPs have led the opposition to British veterans facing legal action over incidents linked to the Troubles. 7 comments 6 shares N.I veteran says he feels 'uncomfortable' over Troubles probes Transgender girl gang and their mother-of-four friend, 22, batter man at a central London station, kicking and stamping on him in 'heinous attack' after 'minor row' A drunken gang of transgender women battered a man, stamping on him in the street in an act of 'severe violence' at Leicester Square station in central London. Tylah-Jo Bryan (bottom-left), Amarnih Lewis-Daniel (top-right) and Michael O'Doherty (bottom-right) - who goes by the name Tamzin Lush - assaulted the man first, before mother-of-four Hannah Bryan (top-left) joined in. Their attack was deemed so severe that magistrates have committed them to crown court for sentencing. comments 3 shares Three transgender women and mother, 22, batter man at London station 'Our family died with Hannah': Father of gang-rape murder victim tells court his wife 'walked into the ocean and didn't return' and he 'couldn't bear to hear what they did to my daughter' after killers are convicted  Willem Cornelius said his wife, Anna, became a 'shadow of herself' after their daughter Hannah, 21, was killed following a night out in in Stellenbosch, west of Cape Town, in May last year. 10k 1k comments 3 videos Ex-Filipino First Lady Imelda Marcos, 89, - infamous for her opulent lifestyle and owning 1,000 pairs of shoes in the 20 years her husband was in power - faces YEARS behind bars as court finds her guilty of corruption An arrest warrant was issued for the Ilocos Norte Representative Imelda Marcos (pictured) after she was found guilty on seven counts of corruption. 33 comments 1 video 33 shares Ex-Filipino First Lady Imelda Marcos faces years behind bars It's Kendall's night! Jenner rules the Victoria's Secret runway with her flirty attitude as she dazzles alongside BFFs Gigi and Bella Hadid and rookie Winnie Harlow.. while Elsa Hosk looks $1m in Fantasy Bra Kendall Jenner has sure come a long way since her first hesitant appearance on the Victoria's Secret runway back in 2015. And this was undeniably her moment, as the brunette returned from a gap year to rule the catwalk with a fun, flirty performance during the year's most eagerly awaited catwalk show. Whether laughing with her friends - Gigi Hadid and sister Bella both joined her - pouting with attitude, or giving the camera a cheeky kiss, all eyes were on Kendall. 291 comments 6 shares It's Kendall's night! Jenner rocks the Victoria's Secret runway Wildest man of rock: No, not Led Zepplin’s Robert Plant but the band’s manager – a former East End bouncer whose appetite for drugs, debauchery and violence made the stars look tame Presiding over this carnival of debauchery was the group’s manager Peter Grant, a terrifying bear of a man whose displeasure would leave its recipients visibly shaking. 41 comments 1 video 10 shares Led Zepplin’s manager, a former bouncer, made them look tame Fifty-year-old grandmother who has become Britain's oldest mother of quadruplets reveals she ignored doctors' advice to get rid of two of the foetuses - before giving birth to three healthy girls and a boy 31 weeks into her pregnancy Tracey Britten, whose babies are recovering in hospital after the ‘miracle’ birth, could be rewarded with a double celebration – as their discharge may coincide with her 51st birthday. 1 comment share Fifty-year-old grandmother of eight becomes mother of quadruplets Huntswoman, 57, who was facing jail after being filmed whipping a saboteur is KILLED in a riding accident just weeks after being told she would be prosecuted A huntswoman who was facing jail after being filmed whipping a saboteur has been killed in a riding accident just weeks after being told she would be prosecuted. Jane Goring, 57, was filmed thrashing the animal rights activist up to 17 times around the head during an ugly row last year. Yesterday, Mrs Goring is thought to have fallen from her horse and died during a draghunt - an equestrian sport where riders chase a trail of artificially laid scents with hounds. A post from the Mid Surrey Farmers' Draghounds group on Facebook paid tribute to the sheep farmer. Footage of the original incident in Hailsham, East Sussex, in which Mrs Going was heard screaming 'get off my horse', went viral in November last year and was viewed hundreds of thousands of times. 153 comments 1 video 2.9k shares Huntswoman facing jail after whipping saboteur dies in riding fall PayPal BANS Tommy Robinson for violating terms and conditions and says its website can't be used to 'promote hate, violence and intolerance' The online payment service told Robinson that it will no longer process payments for him because he violated the website's terms and conditions. 580 comments 1 video 437 shares PayPal BANS Tommy Robinson for violating terms and conditions 'Everyone is well aware that people have nipples': Woman questions whether she needs to wear a bra at work - but not all the feedback is supportive A woman has sparked fierce online debate after airing her frustration about feeling forced into wearing a bra to the office. 94 comments 1 share Should women be forced to wear a bra to work? TOM UTLEY: My very embarrassed prep school head and why I pity any teacher who has to give orgasm lessons to giggling girls (as Labour MP Jess Phillips suggests)  Labour MP Jess Phillips has demanded that girls should be taught about orgasms during sex education lessons at school. Tom Utley pities the poor teachers. comments share TOM UTLEY: Why I pity teachers who have to give orgasm lessons i-Cradle makes my blood run cold: A cot with a built-in iPad? LIBBY PURVES says it’s a tragic sign of how LAZY parenting and digital addiction are stifling our children’s lives  He is producing ‘intelligent cots’. Not intelligent in the sense of having properly spaced bars, a flameproof mattress and hygienic padding, but because they have a built-in dock for an iPad. 59 comments 1 video 10 shares A cot with a built-in iPad? Moment emotional US father is dragged out of court after trying to attack the man accused of killing his five-year-old daughter Hartley Anderson, five, was found unconscious and 'bleeding badly' with severe head trauma last week in Vancouver, Washington. Her mother's boyfriend of three months, Ryan Burge, 37, (pictured in a 2007 mugshot) is the prime suspect. Burge was watching Hartley at the time and said she injured herself in a tantrum. Hartley's father Peter Anderson rushed toward Burge Monday in court. Burge has been arrested and charged with second-degree murder. 931 320 comments Keira Knightley reveals why she wanted to tone down the lesbian sex in her new film about French author Colette and responds to her ban on Disney films for her children, declaring: 'Don't f*** with Cinderella!' Oscar-nominated star portray title character (born Gabrielle Sidonie Colette) from the time she was a 20-year-old ‘country girl’ about to wed the villainous (and much older) Henry Gauthier-Villars. 70 comments 3 videos share Keira Knightley reveals why she toned down on screen lesbian sex British artist David Hockney, 81, swaps Los Angeles for the 'smoker-friendly' French countryside to paint the 'stunning' spring (with cigarette in hand) Hockney collected a Lifetime Achievement Award yesterday from Queen Sonja of Norway at the Royal Academy in London, where he was also presented with the Queen Sonja Print Award. 25 comments 1 video 2 shares British artist David Hockney, 81, swaps LA for French countryside Thrifty Kate strikes again! Duchess of Cambridge recycles SIX-YEAR-OLD Jenny Packham dress as she joins Prince William at the Tusk Conservation Awards in central London Kate, 36, looked stunning as she joined Prince William at the Tusk Conservation Awards at Banqueting House, London on Thursday night. The mother-of-three recycled a sea green floor length lace gown by British designer Jenny Packham for the event this evening which she had initially worn back in 2012 (inset) to a gala event at the Royal Albert Hall to mark the countdown to the London Olympic Games. Despite the fact that she has since given birth to three children the elegant ballgown still fitted like a glove as she stepped onto the red carpet today. The Duke of Cambridge, meanwhile, put on a dapper display in a tux as he joined his wife on the red carpet, both of whom wore a remembrance poppy ahead of armistice day. William became Royal Patron of Tusk in December 2005. The Duke has actively supported the charity’s work both privately and publicly on many occasions and recently visited Tusk projects in Namibia and Tanzania.  4.9k 2.4k comments 3 videos Nutritionist reveals the EXACT daily diet you should follow in spring for a summer body - and the five foods she eats every day without fail Australian nutritionist Jessica Sepel has explained why a seasonal eating plan can make a difference to your health. She shares the foods she eats on a daily basis. 82 comments 1 video 10 shares Nutritionist shares the daily diet you should follow throughout spring Revealed, the countries with the highest fertility rates: Women in Niger give birth to SEVEN children on average but those in Cyprus only have one Worldwide statistics from the Global Burden of Disease Study have revealed the countries where women have the most and fewest babies on average, finding poorer countries have far more. 1 comment 3 shares Revealed, the countries with the highest fertility rates Knifed in the stomach outside a chicken shop: Horrifying moment cold blooded gang member stabs schoolboy, 15, in ANOTHER senseless slaughter on London's streets Jay Hughes (centre), known to friends as Jai Sewell, was attacked by four men who slashed at his body on the street (above) last Thursday outside a fried chicken shop in Bellingham, South East London. He stumbled into the outlet, where he had been heading for a meal, and collapsed with major stomach injuries. He died in hospital three hours later. Today, newly-released footage shows the boy standing with a friend as masked gang members head towards them – and someone in a hoodie stabs Jai. It was shared on social media with the post: 'I don't normally push this topic but this is something that the authorities must see and act upon as soon as possible. It's already out of control and emergency meetings must be done ASAP. We need to stop this.' His killing sparked the 116th murder investigation in the capital this year. 2 videos 4.2k shares Moment gang member stabs schoolboy, 15, in chest in Bellingham Boy, 16, stabbed to death on bonfire night is named as wannabe engineer who was taking his GCSEs John was the fifth stabbing death in London in a week when he died on Monday. Friends said John was a drill rapper who went by the name 'JaySav'. 70 comments 2 videos 1.3k shares Tulse Hill teen stabbed to death on Monday named as John Ogunjobi, 16 Axing train guards could help 'county lines' drug gangs recruit youngsters, security minister fears Mr Wallace has ordered officials to work with the Department for Transport to see if the move will worsen the county lines menace where city gangs groom boys and girls to carry drugs to towns. 1 comment share Axing train guards may boost 'county lines' drug gangs, minister fears As Rio Ferdinand gets engaged three years after his wife died of cancer and Simon Thomas reveals his new love, JAN MOIR asks why DO grieving men find romance so much faster than widows JAN MOIR: Till death do us part — but what comes after that final, bleak separation? For lucky Rio Ferdinand (pictured left with his fiancee Kate Wright), it has meant a new bride and a second chance at happiness. Three years after his wife, Rebecca (pictured inset left with Rio Ferdinand), died of cancer, the former footballer is to marry his girlfriend, Kate Wright. He proposed to her in front of his children on a rooftop during a holiday in Abu Dhabi. Everyone is apparently thrilled. A year after his wife, Gemma, died of cancer, and vowing that she would never be replaced, Sky Sports presenter Simon Thomas (right) has just announced that he is in a relationship with a new girlfriend. He is pictured inset right with wife Gemma Thomas. 1 comment 3 videos share JAN MOIR: Why do grieving men find love so much faster than widows Chilling moment husband, 64, who faked his 66-year-old wife's suicide confessed to a female colleague over a drink in a pub that he'd strangled her - as he's jailed for life for murder Derek Potter, 64, killed his wife of 26 years because she had been 'doing his head in' before setting up a noose in a spare bedroom and pretending he had found her hanged at their Swansea home. 38 comments 3 videos 65 shares Moment husband confessed to friend in a pub that he'd strangled her £90k bus pass cheats: Travel firm boss and his three sons who used passes that had been lost or whose owners had died to con council AND hid £500,000 of company's takings are jailed for 28 years Eric Wyn Jones, 77, would keep passes that had been lost, stolen or whose owners had died while he was running Express Motors in Caenarfon, to then claim back cash for up to 88,000 fake trips. 374 comments 77 shares Bus firm boss and three sons used dead people's passes in £500k scheme Tattooed ex-Marine who killed 12 people in US country music bar massacre had PTSD: Gunman, 28, 'terrified' his mother and neighbours after returning from Afghanistan tour before he opened fire on student night  Ian Long, 28, (left) opened fire on the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks at 11.20pm. He killed 11 people inside the bar and one of the first cops on the scene before taking his own life. Survivors from the shooting said he looked 'like he knew what he was doing' as he repeatedly fired his Glock .45 semi-automatic pistol. Among those killed was sheriff sergeant Ron Helus (top right). 43k 11k comments 8 videos 'Our hearts are broken': Sister, Sister actress Tamera Mowry-Housley reveals her 18-year-old niece was killed in the California bar mass shooting Alaina Housley, the 18-year-old niece of Tamera Mowry-Housley and her husband Adam Housley, died in the massacre in Thousand Oaks on Wednesday night. 232 comments 2 videos 5.7k shares Actress Tamera Mowry-Housley says niece was killed in shooting Harrowing video shows ex-Marine with PTSD, 28, carrying out his massacre which killed 12, as it's confirmed a Vegas atrocity survivor was a victim of the mass shooting in the Borderline Bar  WARNING: GRAPHIC VIDEO The sickening video shows ex-Marine Ian Michael Long, 28, stalking through the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks, California late Wednesday. 643 comments 5 videos 696 shares Harrowing video shows gunman shoot victims inside California bar 1918-2018: CENTENARY OF WWI ARMISTICE   Haunting portraits of WW1 heroes to be etched into the sand on beaches across Britain in a profoundly moving highlight of the Armistice centenary, writes film director DANNY BOYLE On November 11, 1918, the great tide of blood that had swept Western Europe and many other parts of the world since 1914 was at last stemmed by the Armistice. It is a day we have marked every year since. This year, the hundredth, has to feel different. That is why an organisation called 14-18 NOW has teamed up with local arts groups to bring the past into the present and make us freshly aware of the sacrifices of that terrible war. Across Britain, local communities will be able to watch as their beaches are transformed to reveal portraits of soldiers who gave their lives for their country. Captain C. N. Taylor (pictured top left and main, in a mock-up of how the beaches will look) served in the Royal Field Artillery, which provided gunnery support for the infantry. It is not known when Captain Taylor died. Pictured from bottom left, Rifleman Kulbir Thapa VC, Archie Jewell, Dorothy Mary Watson, nurse Rachel Ferguson and Lieutenant Robert William Taylor. 30 comments 2 videos 52 shares Haunting portraits of WW1 heroes to be etched into the sand Senior Labour figures say pro-Corbyn 'attack dog' should be thrown out of the party for calling Poppy Appeal 'racist' and saying Royal British Legion should be axed  Aaron Bastani, whose site Novara Media has been key in galvanising youth support among Corbyn's Labour, labelled the Poppy Appeal 'grotesque' and called for the charity to be shut down. 13k 1.3k comments 1 video IT'S OVER! Joy and thanksgiving mark start of the Armistice on greatest day in Britain's history as nation celebrates like never before - how the end of the First World War was reported 100 years ago NOVEMBER 12, 1918: Britons celebate as Armistice is declared, marking the official end of the war. comments 1 video share How the end of the First World War was reported 100 years ago Dame Barbara Windsor, 81, leaves theatre-goers emotional on rare night out with husband Scott Mitchell and EastEnders co-star Adam Woodyatt amid Alzheimer's battle Dame Barbara Windsor got a standing ovation from theatre-goers after she sneaked into the Royal Box at the Theatre Royal on Drury Lane on her rare night out. Barbara, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, joined her husband Scott Mitchell and ex co-star Adam Woodyatt to watch Bonnie Langford in 42nd Street.  comments 7 videos share Dame Barbara Windsor, 81, enjoys rare night out Cost of diabetes prescriptions in England soars to over £1BILLION a year - nearly twice as much as ten years ago  One in 15 adults now has diabetes and of these, 90 per cent have type 2, which is usually associated with being overweight, a poor diet and lack of exercise. 151 comments 1 video 24 shares Cost of diabetes prescriptions in England soars to over £1bn a year Sticking with your broadband provider costs an average of £230 a year, research shows Failing to shop around for the best broadband deals costs loyal customers an average of £230 a year, research shows. This ‘loyalty penalty’ is costing households an estimated £3.94billion a year in total. 4 comments share Sticking with your broadband provider costs extra research shows Red-faces in the fjords as Norwegian frigate on NATO training exercise starts SINKING after colliding with an oil tanker  One of the biggest warships in the Norwegian navy had to be evacuated after it collided with a Maltese oil tanker and started sinking.  The KNM Helge Ingstad frigate collided with the tanker in a fjord in western Norway this morning and eight people were left injured. All 137 people on board the warship had to be evacuated after the clash with the Sola TS tanker and it eventually ran aground. There were fears it would sink as it took on water after the crash but it ran aground just off the shore near Bergen. An image published by Norwegian broadcaster NRK showed that water had almost reached the level of the frigate's helicopter platform. 77 99 comments 3 videos Michael Buble announces first world tour since son's cancer battle... after threatening to retire Tickets go on sale November 19 for the North American leg of An Evening with Michael Bublé, which kicks off February 13 at Florida's Amalie Arena in Tampa 58 comments 2 videos 11 shares Michael Buble announces first world tour since son's cancer battle Revealed: The top travel 'hot spots' for 2019 - including a 'hidden gem' island in Indonesia and 'unspoiled paradise' in Mexico The top 10 travel destinations to add to your bucket list in 2019 have been revealed - taking in some of the most stunning spots on the globe. 9 comments 1 video 5 shares The world's most interesting places to visit in 2019 now revealed THE BREXIT BATTLE   Humiliation for Barnier as EU politicians IGNORE his Brexit speech at conference in Finland - and Merkel walks out halfway through Members of the centre-right EPP group chatted among themselves as Michel Barnier (main picture) struggled to be heard during the awkward episode. At one point German MEP Manfred Weber (pictured inset right) stood up and posed for photographs right in front of Mr Barnier - while Angela Merkel walked out half way through (inset left). The behaviour was so bad that Bulgarian PM Boyko Borisov later berated delegates from the stage, complaining that Mr Barnier was updating them on a Brexit process that 'could provoke a huge cataclysm' but they were 'not interested to hear him'. The extraordinary situation developed at the EPP's gathering in Helsinki, attended by a slew of national leaders as well as commission president Jean-Claude Juncker and Mr Barnier. 1.2k 2.6k comments 1 video Dominic Raab ADMITS he did not realise how important the Dover crossing is for trade as he warns a bad Brexit could lead to shortages in shops Dominic Raab's comments to a TechNation event has sparked a furious backlash as critics accused the Brexiteer of not understanding the scale of Britain's departure from the bloc. 1.3k comments 3 videos 94 shares Raab says shops could be hit by shortages if there is a bad Brexit Brexit deal could be unveiled on MONDAY: EU expects negotiations to succeed within days and summit to seal package at the end of month - but May STILL faces Cabinet demands to see legal advice on Irish backstop The EU commission is said to be planning for negotiations to conclude within days, despite bitter wrangling within the Cabinet over Irish border concessions. 1.3k comments 1 video 64 shares May DELAYS Cabinet showdown over her Brexit plan amid legal wrangle Spice Girls reunion: Pop stars ARGUE about Victoria Beckham during comeback interview on The Jonathan Ross Show On Wednesday night, the recently-reformed Spice Girls taped an episode of The Jonathan Ross show, promoting their comeback. And naturally, the subject of Victoria Beckham's decision to sit out the reunion was broached by the chat show host, causing a ripple of disagreement between band members Geri Horner, Emma Bunton, Mel C and Mel B. 28 186 comments 2 videos CNN reporter DID make contact with our intern says White House as Trump's press secretary Sarah Sanders refuses to back down after tweeting 'doctored' video of tussle that cost him his press pass  Acosta found himself without access to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue following a shouting match with Trump and a near-tussle over a microphone as he pushed a female intern's arm away. 1.4k comments 6 videos 352 shares Sarah Sanders triples down: Jim Acosta DID touch our intern Michelle Obama denounces Trump in her new book for 'p***y' tape saying he meant: 'I can hurt you and get away with it' - and says he tried to STALK Hillary on stage In her memoir 'Becoming,' the ex-first lady denounces the president for bragging in 2005 in his notorious tape and tears into him claiming he was trying to 'stalk' Hillary Clinton on stage during a debate. 222 comments 1 video 4.3k shares Michelle Obama denounces Trump in her new book for his 'p***y' tape Moment kind air hostess BREASTFEEDS a stranger's crying baby after her mother ran out of formula milk on board a flight in the Philippines Patrisha Organo, 24, saved the day on an early-morning flight in the Philippines on Tuesday when she noticed a passenger's baby crying hysterically after take-off. She approached the mother and found she had run out of formula milk, before taking it upon herself to feed the child in the gallery (left). The stewardess, herself the mother of a nine-month-old girl called Jade (right), said she knew the trauma the mother would have been going through. 107 comments 4.7k shares Air hostess feeds crying baby after mother ran out of formula milk Government faces calls to oust housing tsar who allegedly described homosexuality as 'not normal' and Islamophobia as a 'propaganda word' Professor Sir Roger Scruton, a well-known conservative thinker, has been appointed chairman of a new public body that will ‘champion beautiful buildings’. 2 comments share Calls to oust housing tsar after homosexuality comments ANDREW PIERCE: How high priest of the Right triggered an intervention for government's new housing tsar The Left’s ‘archaeological dig’ in search of material that they could potentially label as offensive has echoes of the witch-hunt against another Right-winger who was appointed to a government post. 1 comment share ANDREW PIERCE: How high priest of the Right triggered an intervention Send us your videos Most Shared Right Now Last 30 Minutes 'She'll get what she's given': Queen 'had words' with Harry over 'very difficult' Meghan's choice of wedding tiara 1.4k shares Nutritionist reveals the EXACT daily diet you should follow in spring for a summer body - and the five foods she eats every day without fail 29 shares Trouble in Paradise: Hundreds are trapped and 27,000 flee northern California town as dangerous wildfire swells to 5,000 acres sparking a state of emergency 46 shares There's a reason it's called Ladies Day! Glamorous racegoers let their hair down and party hard as Spring Racing Carnival kicks on 3.7k shares Turkey salmonella outbreak sparks panic weeks before Thanksgiving: 1 dead, 63 hospitalized and more than 100 sickened by meat bought across the US 6.5k shares   He MUST have been at the bins! UK's 'fattest' fox spotted           Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail +1 DailyMail Follow @dailymail Follow DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow Daily Mail     DON'T MISS Strictly: Danny John Jules 'given final warning by show bosses after leaving his pro partner Amy Dowden in tears over bullying behaviour' It's Kendall's night! Jenner rules the Victoria's Secret runway as she dazzles alongside BFFs Gigi and Bella Hadid and rookie Winnie Harlow Spice Girls reunion: Pop stars break into a heated ARGUMENT about Victoria Beckham during comeback interview on The Jonathan Ross Show . Thrifty Kate strikes again! Duchess recycles SIX-YEAR-OLD Jenny Packham dress as she joins Prince William at the Tusk Conservation Awards  Cheryl displays rippling abs in bra top as she says love splits were 'bad for her health' as FULL diss track is revealed Comeback single  Adriana Lima breaks down in TEARS while on Victoria's Secret runway... after confirming her exit following her 19-year reign Bella Hadid looks incredible in aquamarine at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show after revealing she's healthier than ever after Lyme disease diagnosis Elsa Hosk puts on show-stopping display as she rocks the glittering $1million Fantasy Bra during the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 'She'll get what she's given': The Queen 'had words' with Prince Harry over 'very difficult' Meghan's choice of wedding tiara Unimpressed Doting grandfather: Heartwarming family photos shows Charles playing with young Prince Louis in documentary to mark his 70th birthday  Candice Swanepoel shows off stunning post-baby figure in pink bodysuit at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show... just FOUR MONTHS after birth Gigi Hadid is pretty as a peacock in an eye-catching parachute outfit as the model returns to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show catwalk Victoria's Secret Show: Rita Ora rivals the Angels in sizzling cut-away black lace bodysuit and sparkly thigh-high boots as she performs on the runway Behati Prinsloo is mad in plaid lingerie as she makes her grand return to Victoria's Secret Fashion Show... after missing the last two due to pregnancy Chris Martin reveals he felt 'completely worthless' after split from Gwyneth Paltrow... as Coldplay bandmates admit they were prepared for the worst Dame Barbara Windsor, 81, leaves theatre-goers emotional on night out with husband and EastEnders' Adam... amid Alzheimer's battle Advertisement Olly Murs admits he was caught with his PANTS DOWN in Sony HQ knife attack.. a year after sparking mass hysteria in Oxford Circus terror scare Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald: Eddie Redmayne is joined by his stunning wife Hannah as all-star cast bring the magic at world premiere in Paris X Factor's Scarlett Lee reveals she can't sleep due to paranoia that show mansion will go up flames after her family's devastating house fire  Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly PICTURED: 'Angry' duo 'hold difficult crisis talks over their future in TV... as star prepares to hand over £30m to ex' Sara Sampaio wows in crimson plaid corset and thigh-high laced boots as she struts her stuff at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Red hot Jasmine Tookes struts her stuff in pink bustier and lacy panties as stunner walks in Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Stunning Winnie Harlow makes history as first model with vitiligo to walk Victoria's Secret Fashion Show... as she dazzles in skimpy pink lingerie and feathers   Halsey gives Angels a run for their money in cropped top with high-split feathered skirt as she performs at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show These angels are VERY cheeky! Victoria's Secret supermodels including Barbara Palvin and Jasmine Tookes pose in skimpy attire backstage  Adriana Lima CONFIRMS her Victoria's Secret exit following 19-year reign... after fellow model let news slip Emotional Kylie Minogue gushes over her 'fabulous' beau Paul Solomons as she reveals her surprise at finding love again after VERY bitter split from ex Joshua Sasse Kate Moss, 44, showcases her fantastic supermodel figure in velvet jumpsuit as she joins her model pal Liv Tyler at star-studded British Vogue event Poppy Delevingne looks ravishing in her red ruffled dress as she leads stars Jourdan Dunn and Suki Waterhouse at British Vogue event Kourtney Kardashian shares another Victoria's Secret Angel costume snap with a tidy background... after fans previously called her out for messy closet First look inside Victoria's Secret extravaganza: Gigi Hadid, sister Bella and BFF Kendall Jenner rock the runway in lingerie  Advertisement Bebe Rexha gives eye-popping performance in pink bodysuit at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in New York City  Bright Stella Maxwell is every bit the golden girl in glittering corset as she rocks the runway at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Dazzling Song divas Halsey, Rita Ora and Bebe Rexha sizzle on the red carpet at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show ahead of their performances   Shanina Shaik flaunts her sensational figure in sheer lingerie as she leads an army of Australian and Kiwi models on the Victoria's Secret runway   Romee Strijd glitters in Swarovski Crystal lingerie (complete with 125,000 gems) at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show   Barbara Palvin sizzles in metallic silver underwear at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show   Taylor Hill showcases her incredible abs in racy lingerie and feather wings as she opens the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show   Racy in lace! Model Georgia Fowler shows off her ripped abs in a sport luxe bra and underwear set at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show   Lais Ribeiro is a shining star as she hits the catwalk in black and silver lingerie at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in New York   Kim Kardashian looks every inch the doting mother as she wears plunging black top for photo with her 'babies' North, Saint and Chicago nt on Thursday. Adriana Lima and Behati Prinsloo get their hair and makeup done as the models get glammed up ahead of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Emily Blunt reveals she 'would pay' to play Mary Poppins again and hints ANOTHER sequel is ALREADY in the works... as she gears up for film's release Simon Cowell 'pays £10million to buy Sir Phillip Green out of his Syco firm after concerns he was toxic for the brand' Alleged feud The ghosts of war and a fitting tribute to the sacrifice of millions: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews WW1: The Final Hours   Whoops! Tziporah Malkah, 44, suffers a wardrobe malfunction when her swimsuit comes loose and exposes her breasts during ocean dip   Advertisement Halsey gives the Angels a run for their money after working 'so hard' ahead of Victoria's Secret show performance  Looking good Matthew McConaughey cosies up to his stunning wife Camila Alves before sharing a giggle with giddy Benedict Cumberbatch  Erin O'Connor, 40, debuts baby bump at British Vogue party... four years after welcoming her first child with partner Steve Gibson  Ariana Grande's advice for picking out perfect engagement ring is 'don't'... weeks after split from fiance Pete Davidson Michael Buble announces first world tour since son's cancer battle... after threatening to retire Tickets go on sale November 19  Michelle Keegan tried to keep her glamorous hair do dry in the rain as she sports wild animal print dress on set of her new comedy series Brassic Love Island's Zara McDermott stuns in frilled bikini as shares a passionate smooch with Adam Collard during Miami ocean swim Hitting the beach  Alyssa Milano won't speak at any 2019 Women's March events unless organisers who support Louis Farrakhan condemn his his anti-Semitic remarks   Loose Women producers are forced to STEP IN as Nadia Sawalha and Carol McGiffin erupt in furious row over waxing 11-year-old's 'moustache' He's a mean, green scream! Benedict Cumberbatch and his dog steal the show in this animated remake of The Grinch, writes KATE MUIR Advertisement Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Superstar couple treat themselves to a fry up in a north London greasy spoon café John Mayer admits fame 'made a monster out of me'... before insisting 'I haven't been a d*** in many years' He's been a controversial figure Dancing On Ice 2019: Love Island's Wes Nelson and Melody Thornton's pro skating partners REVEALED Getting their skates on this January  Katherine Jenkins wows in glam halterneck dress as she cosies up to husband Andrew Levitas at Tusk Conservation Awards Elegant Meg Ryan is engaged! When Harry Met Sally star, 56, announces plans to wed rocker John Mellencamp, 65, after rekindling romance   Gabrielle Union welcomes 'miracle' baby girl via surrogate after enduring 'eight or nine' miscarriages in bid to have a child with NBA star Dwyane Wade Russell Crowe jiggles his prosthetic belly while filming scenes in costume as Roger Ailes for The Loudest Voice In The Room series Unrecognisable Caroline Flack brands her critics 'mean and weird' for insisting she should have kids by 39... amid split rumours from fiancé Andrew Brady Irina Shayk looks astonishing in silver as she holds hands with Donatella Versace, 63, at Germany's GQ's star-studded Men Of The Year bash Zoe Salmon embraces a boho look as she jets out of Barbados with husband William Corrie following romantic getaway Heading off home Advertisement One had one job! Hilarious footage captures Charles and the Queen getting stuck in a traffic jam of world leaders on the way to an engagement 'Our hearts are broken': Sister, Sister actress Tamera Mowry-Housley reveals her 18-year-old niece was killed in the California bar mass shooting Christine McGuinness puts on a VERY busty display in skimpy gold dress as she steps out with RHOC co-star Tanya Bardsley Buxom A nod to his new home? James Middleton puts on a dapper display in tartan trousers as he attends the GQ Man Of The Year Awards in Berlin Viewers heap praise on Charles for being '50 years ahead of the curve' calling for a crackdown on waste (and LOVE his eco-friendly Aston Martin) Ronnie Wood, 71, is accompanied by glamorous wife Sally, 40, as he attends star-studded Tusk Conservation Awards Charity Patron Chris Pratt shows off his 'dad bod' while out with girlfriend Katherine Schwarzenegger after easing up on his grueling superhero regime Model behaviour? Makeup-free Elle Macpherson, 54, risks a $330 fine as she goes cycling without a helmet in Sydney's Bondi Beach   Iris Law looks incredible in '70s metallic jumpsuit as she parties with Lady Amelia Windsor at lavish Tiffany bash in London Lisa Armstrong sparks concern as her best pal reveals he's unable to contact the makeup artist... amid her bitter divorce battle with Ant McPartlin Advertisement Love Island's Olivia Attwood 'at WAR with Laura Anderson as she accuses her of copying her look and stealing her friends' EXCLUSIVE 'It was clear he was missing them terribly': Keith Urban looks besotted as he FaceTimes wife Nicole Kidman and their two kids during tour Neil Jones cosies up to former Strictly Come Dancing pal Ola Jordan at London film premiere without wife Katya... after Seann Walsh kissgate J K Rowling looks chic in green as she makes rare appearance with husband Neil Michael Murray at Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald premiere Ezra Miller steals the show in eccentric gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... after revealing he was assaulted for being gender ambiguous Zoe Kravitz and fiancé Karl Glusman look loved-up at Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald premiere in Paris after CONFIRMING secret engagement 'He just pushed a woman, sir': Bill Murray shoves a fan at Sydney Airport for 'getting too close to his female companion' Furious Model squad! Kendall Jenner joins her best pals Bella and Gigi Hadid backstage at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show as stars get primped for catwalk Touched by an Angel! Victoria's Secret models share playful behind-the-scenes photos and videos as they get primped and pampered ahead of show Felicity Jones keeps it casual at LAX...  as her real-life On The Basis Of Sex character Ruth Bader Ginsburg winds up in hospital Low-key Advertisement 'It will be her last year': Adriana Lima will retire from the Victoria's Secret runway after 19 years, says fellow model Georgia Fowler Moving on Stella Maxwell sizzles in revealing lingerie as she gets ready backstage at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show... after defending label as being 'empowering' Gigi and Bella Hadid's mom Yolanda steps out in New York City to cheer on her supermodel daughters at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Keira Knightley reveals why she wanted to tone down lesbian sex in her new film and responds to her ban on Disney films for her children Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas 'obtained marriage license' after stopping by Beverly Hills courthouse 'to fill out paperwork' Wedding bells Chris Pine shrugs off the fuss about his full frontal nudity in Outlaw King as he appears on The Stephen Colbert show No big deal Diego Luna has been cast in Star Wars' Rogue One prequel anthology as the star reveals 'We have a fantastic adventure ahead of us' Rio Ferdinand and Kate Wright PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly-engaged footballer and TOWIE star seen for the first time in London after proposal Joely Richardson, 53, looks elegant in white lace as she takes to the stage Sisters Grimm event Putting in an appearance at show Wand-erful! Eddie Redmayne, Jude Law and Johnny Depp in a magical return to 1920s Hogwarts: KATE MUIR reviews Fantastic Beasts sequel Advertisement Ming Xi larks about with Bella Hadid backstage as she returns to the Victoria Secret Fashion Show after dramatic tumble at last year's event Tallia Storm takes the plunge in a VERY revealing navy sequin dress as she attends Fantastic Beasts premiere Dazzling  Wes Nelson does a striptease in Megan Barton Hanson's racy PVC boots in hilarious clip... after accidentally revealing too much about their sex life Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Amy Tapper takes romance with Ace to the next level as he leans in for a kiss... and admits she's now a 'natural' at dating Ellie Goulding is super chic in one-shouldered jumpsuit as she leads the celeb support at the launch of Netflix's Our Planet series Classic look Pregnant Jessica Simpson and Martha Stewart ham it up in the kitchen for Thanksgiving charity campaign Cooking up a feast EXCLUSIVE: Hugh Hefner's widow Crystal Harris finally finds a buyer for Hollywood Hills pad left to her by the Playboy founder for $5.5 million after slashing the price TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou puts on a sizzling display in a silk snakeskin print dress at restaurant event Letting loose over new menu 'I will always adore him': Kathy Griffin announces split from longtime boyfriend Randy Bick Star, 58, dated Randy, 39, for seven years Tamsin Egerton puts on a stylish display in quirky minidress and retro updo as the glamorous star attends luxury event Stylish Advertisement Busy Philipps calls out To All The Boys I've Loved Before heartthrob Noah Centineo on TV for ghosting her pal during Late Late Show appearance Winnie Harlow gives cheeky display in black lingerie as she preps for her debut walk at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Big day Karlie Kloss storms NYC streets in grey trench dress... as model pals tape VS Fashion Show Working on 17th season of Project Runway Thomas Ravenel accuses Kathryn Dennis of seeking primary custody to create Southern Charm storyline Hitting back Kendall Jenner oozes glamour in a chic Chanel swimsuit as she sizzles for jaw-dropping nautical-inspired shoot Kendall, 23, showed off her statuesque physique Love Island's Laura Crane FINALLY sent home after 10 days in hospital with near-fatal SEPSIS... as emotional star brands it the 'worst week of her life' Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck are officially divorced: Movie stars 'submit final documents to court'... three years after their separation It's over for good  Keep your eyes on the game, Dad! Basketball fan is caught ogling Emily Ratajkowski at LA Lakers game - much to the amusement of his young son  Bella Hadid flashes her midsection in crop top and trousers while heading to final Victoria's Secret rehearsals Bella Hadid enjoys playful date night with The Weeknd in Toronto after he picked up a fan's bra on stage at his concert Cute couple Advertisement Zoe Ball displays her edgy pixie hairstyle as she shares a baby-faced throwback snap from her TV runner days with Take That Crops were all the rage Halsey claims she and John Mayer are just 'friends' after social media flirting Insta-storied her '7 AM carpool karaoke session' with the singer Busy Philipps dons a blue plaid jumpsuit after sweat session at the gym before heading to The Late Late Show with James Corden Stepping out Rita Ora makes a bold statement in VERY long platinum blonde wig as she rocks chic black turtleneck and towering PVC boots in New York Quirky  Laura Whitmore nails winter chic in opulent fur coat and leather trousers at Game Of Thrones party in London Wrapping up warm Billie Piper shrouds her growing baby bump in a baggy striped sweater as she steps out for solo stroll amid preparations for third child's arrival Missé Beqiri goes makeup-free as she teams furry jacket with skinny jeans for supermarket shop Jake Hall's glamorous fiancee  Christine and Frank PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lampard chuckles as disgusted husband suffers mishap cleaning up after dog... six weeks after birth of daughter Spice Girl Geri Horner wears sparkly dress for night out with Emma Bunton after announcing hotly anticipated comeback Reuinted  Emma Watson reunites with Harry Potter co-star and onetime crush Tom Felton as they go skateboarding along the beach in Los Angeles Advertisement FKA twigs displays her off-duty style in oversized T-shirt as she goes make-up free alongside beau Shia LaBeouf in LA Irina Shayk nails daytime glamour in checked thigh-high boots and stylish trench coat as she arrives in Berlin Chic and cheerful Holly Willoughby can't hide her excitement as she waves goodbye to her London home and jets to Australia for I'm A Celebrity hosting debut  Lottie Moss PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Model goes braless in textured co-ord as she joins leggy Mollie King at star-studded fashion bash in Paris TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou looks worlds away from her usual glamour as she goes make-up free to breakfast with Chloe Sims... after late night  Pixie Lott slips into a lemon bikini as she poses for a stunning beach shot on 'dream' trip to Hawaii  The singer, 27, treated her Instagram fans Sarah Hyland reveals her Modern Family character is pregnant as she shares prosthetic baby bump snap Haley Dunphy is expecting Mowgli: Legend Of The Jungle drops stunning first-look trailer ahead of Netflix release The streaming service released the action-filled, 163-second trailer Ibiza Weekender star Jordan Davies' model ex-girlfriend gives birth to their newborn son Valentino after undergoing emergency caesarean Denise Welch, 60, vows to still wear bikinis in her NINETIES... and puts her five stone weight loss down to quitting alcohol Advertisement Resurfaced snap shows Meghan Markle and Eddie Redmayne at Soho House Istanbul years before they partied at the club's Amsterdam launch  Downton Abbey star Phyllis Logan says film will be set two years after show's 1925 finale... and reveals ALL key cast (except Dan Stevens) will return Kendall Jenner bundles up in edgy windbreaker and jeans as she heads to the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Big Brother host Emma Willis admits axed reality show COULD return as she reveals producers are in talks... days after it came to an end Dakota Johnson sports cropped hoodie for work-out... as beau Chris Martin shares clip from 1998 gig Dakota was nine when Coldplay first gigged  Simon Thomas reveals he's taking a break from social media... after announcing he's in the 'early stages' of a new relationship, a year after losing his wife to cancer Ezra Miller reveals he was 'repeatedly assaulted for being gender ambiguous' as he discusses his troubled childhood and sexuality JANET STREET-PORTER: There IS still a role for a slimmed-down Royal Family after the Queen but NOT with Kim Un Charles in charge The countdown begins! Shanina Shaik, Georgia Fowler and Kelly Gale get ready backstage ahead of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Deck the halls with boughs of HOLLY! Star leads the way in sneak peek of M&S' hotly-anticipated Christmas advert Advertisement Doctor Who actress Sharon D Clarke reveals a white director once asked her 'How does one pick cotton?' - and shares how she fell in love with her wife  Scarlett Moffatt cuts a stylish figure in a blue pinstripe shirt dress as she eases off jet lag with a family lunch... after touching down in Australia Cheryl is GROSSED OUT by Michelle Keegan's quirky food habit as it's revealed her pal puts MAYONNAISE on her chow mein C-how weird  Caroline Flack goes the extra mile to hide her wedding finger as she continues to fuel split rumours from fiance Andrew Brady The rumours continue  Teresa Giudice details her extensive beauty routine including monthly facials and a personal hairstylist - and it costs her $22,077 PER YEAR Gordon Ramsay goes shopping for jewellery ahead of his daughter Tilly's birthday... as he shares touching post about her on social media Charlotte McKinney reveals she was recently 'frightened' when an obsessed fan showed up to her parents' work Creepy Susanna Reid accentuates her slender physique in floral midi dress at ITV studios... following her romantic date night with new beau Steve Parish Love Island's Darylle Sargeant makes a splash as she flaunts her incredible figure in leopard print bikini while jumping into the sea in Spain Jose Canseco's daughter Josie sits pretty in black lingerie as she gets glammed up for her very first Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Luisa Zissman inspires fans to put up their Christmas tree early as she shares festive snap... after Jodie Marsh was mocked for same thing Olivia Culpo struts around in eye-catching orange jacket and leather mini skirt teamed with lace-up boots during photoshoot in NYC Ariana Grande shares emotional tweet about facing more hardships since the release of No Tears Left To Cry... following the death of ex Mac Miller Rylan Clark-Neal to replace Zoe Ball as host of Radio 2's Saturday afternoon slot after joking about being out of a job now Big Brother has been axed Katie Price's estranged husband Kieran Hayler lashes out at troubled star for 'blaming everyone else' as she addresses personal dramas Cate Blanchett flashes a glimpse of her bra under plunging embellished tuxedo at photocall in Shanghai Cate was a real head turner  Strictly's Giovanni Pernice SLAMS Ashley Roberts dating rumours: Dancer awkwardly insists they are 'just good friends' after claims Chloe Grace Moretz stands out in hot red high heels and chic fall trench coat as she grabs lunch in LA The star, 21, looked stylish yet low-key Love Island's Dani Dyer cradles pooch Sandy in her arms during stroll... hours after she and Jack Fincham announced new addition 'No falling today?' Elle Macpherson is mocked by a bystander as she exits VIP launch in Sydney... after model suffered a nasty fall in the gutter 'It's worth taking risks to try to find the hardest to reach in society': Prince Charles discusses his charity work with The Prince's Trust  'So bizarre!' Rob Lowe stuns residents of market town Boston after he's spotted wearing a police uniform while filming new ITV drama Wild Bill Kourtney Kardashian looks relaxed as she steps out with son Mason... days after 'tense' meeting with Sofia Richie Doting mum of three  Imogen Thomas reveals she's on the search for love as she appears on Celebrity Dinner Date... seven months after splitting from Adam Horsley Meghan and Harry have 'set a game plan' to ensure their child has a 'normal upbringing' - which will include household chores and even riding the TUBE  Emily Ratajkowski admits she didn't dare spend 'alone time' with now-husband Sebastian when she was with ex because she knew he was 'that guy' JLS star Oritse Williams, 31, denies raping waitress, 20, after 'inviting her to room in four-star hotel' after show Gigi Hadid wraps up in fringe coat and acid wash jeans as she arrives at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show ahead of the prestigious event  Love Island's Ellie Brown suffers wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her nipples in lace bodysuit... after 'confirming Joey Essex romance' Strictly Come Dancing: Fans furiously tell Alex Jones to 'do her homework' after she claimed 'no one remembers' 2015 winner Jay McGuiness Her Highness and his Holiness: Princess Mary and husband Prince Frederik meet the Pope at the Vatican Australian-born Mary held an audience Binky Felstead playfully accuses her ex Josh Patterson of flirting with her after she comments on his shirtless Instagram snap   Strictly's Joe Sugg and Dianne Buswell put on an amorous display amid romance rumours... after revealing they spend 13 hours a DAY together Whitney Port is dressed for fall in an eye-catching orange jacket with floral jumpsuit during NYC outing Stylish Chrissy Teigen carries daughter Luna on her shoulders during sweet family day out... after hitting back at breastfeeding shamer Doting mother  Serena Williams stuns in cleavage-baring dress and diamond earrings as she joins husband Alexis Ohanian at the Brand Genius Awards Carol Vorderman, 57, looks effortlessly chic in figure-skimming cream suit during The One Show appearance The former Countdown host cut a stylish figure  Louis Smith, 29, formally announces his retirement from gymnastics as he prepares for a new career on the West End stage Karlie Kloss cuts a chic figure in a navy suit and matching bralet for night out at WSJ Magazine's Innovator Awards Chic and cheerful  Mila Kunis cuts a casual figure as she enjoys a lengthy phone call during coffee run in Los Angeles Mila, 35, made the most of her time off Stormzy says Oxford University turned down his offer to fund two black students so he turned to Cambridge instead Felicity Jones looks stylish in a chic grey suit as she promotes biopic On the Basis Of Sex with Armie Hammer The actress, 35, was on hand to promote the film  'Captain Kurran' failed to get the disastrously-named Jet Pop airlines off the ground after more turbulence in The Apprentice, by Jim Shelley Love Island's Zara McDermott reveals she's had jaw fillers to fix her 'lopsided double CHIN'... as reality star shows swollen face during Miami getaway Richard Madden hilariously reveals his mum has nicknamed him 'Little Dick' and loves introducing him to people by his unfortunate moniker It's not a party without Hennessy! Cardi B's little sister models glitzy dresses as she is named the new face of Boohoo's holiday collection Emma Thompson is handcuffed and led away by cops during filming for TV show... as she receives damehood for her services to drama Rupert Friend and The Handmaid's Tale star Madeline Brewer wrap up as they shoot scenes for their upcoming supernatural thriller Separation in NYC 'I will NOT be a meddling monarch': Charles gives TV interview on eve of his 70th birthday as his family open up about what he is REALLY like Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson takes the plunge in a tuxedo mini-dress as she and Wes Nelson share a smooch at Woo Woo party Little Mix hit back at critics of provocative stage outfits and insist they're making is a feminist statement as they discuss sexism in music Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly 'have crisis talks over their future in TV... as embattled star prepares to hand over £30m to ex-wife Lisa  in divorce' Tamara Ecclestone commands attention  in busty black minidress as she enjoys a night out with Jay Rutland at Teenage Cancer Trust fundraiser Kate Beckinsale cuts a stylish figure in grey tartan blazer and slogan t-shirt as she arrives in LAX... after THAT steamy kiss with Jack Whitehall Demi Lovato's ex Wilmer Valderrama 'playing a major role in helping her to stay sober' as she recovers following shock overdose Harry's honour to the fallen heroes: Duke of Sussex marks 100 years since the end of WW1 with visit to Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey  Vince Vaughn sports a bruised eye while playing a drug kingpin in his new movie Arkansas  Film is set to premiere in 2020 Prince's poignant tribute to the heroes of WWI and WWII: Charles lays a wreath at Commonwealth graves in Nigeria on final day of his Africa tour Sharon Stone turns heads in yellow off-shoulder jumper and sequin trousers as she joins stunning Keke Palmer at Pimp premiere in LA Kate Moss, 44, enjoys rare date night with boyfriend Count Nikolai von Bismarck, 30, as they lead the arrivals at Annabel's charity art auction Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen make a rare appearance together as they wear contrasting black and white to WSJ Magazine Innovator Awards Emmerdale star Mark Jordon, 53, arrives at court with his co-star girlfriend after being charged with GBH for 'attacking pensioner in pub' Rita Ora puts on a VERY racy display in stunning white feathered gown as she leads the stars at Children In Need Rocks concert VIDEO WATCH: TODAY'S TOP VIDEOS 1 2 3 Watch video Melanie C on Jonathan Ross: 'Victoria said we never asked her about a reunion!' Watch video Prince William and Harry watch Prince Charles 1970's speech on plastic Watch video Charles and the Queen stuck in Buckingham Palace 'traffic jam on BBC documentary Watch video Moment child killer Darren Vickers’ reveals his true intentions in TV interview Watch video Dame Barbara Windsor gets a standing ovation from theatre-goers at Theatre Royal Watch video Prince Charles says there can only be 'one sovereign' and vows to change as King Watch video Danny John-Jules jokes he signed up for Strictly because of the famous curse Watch video Prince Harry discusses moment he asked his father to walk Meghan down the aisle Watch video Three men found guilty of murdering South African student Hannah Cornelius Watch video 'They make me laugh so much': Prince Charles says about turkeys Netflix lures Sir David Attenborough, 92, away from the BBC, where he's spent six decades, to narrate blockbuster new series about the harm humans pose to Our Planet Sir David Attenborough has warned humans have become the ‘greatest threat’ to the planet and pleaded with people to ‘pay attention’ while there is ‘still time’ to save the natural world. Sir David, who has been at the BBC for more than 60 years, will narrate a blockbuster eight-part series called Our Planet for Netflix that premieres next year. 121 comments 1 video 24 shares Sir David Attenborough, 92, ditches the BBC and moves to Netflix Russia to rename Moscow square after British double agent and Cold War traitor Kim Philby Moscow's Mayor Sergei Sobyanin ordered the square near the headquarters of its Foreign Intelligence Service be renamed Kim Philby Square. share Moscow square to be named after British double agent Kim Philby They murdered six million — and got away with it: Up to a million people were involved in the extermination of Jews in Hitler’s death camps, yet only a paltry 6,600 were convicted Mary Fulbrook documents the attempt to bring the perpetrators of the Holocaust to justice in a new history book. She estimates that a million people were involved in killing Jewish civilians. 1 comment 34 shares They murdered six million — and got away with it Bloody truth about the stuff in your veins: Author details extraordinary facts about the human body in a fascinating new tome  Rose George shares fascinating facts about blood in a new science book. In one account she visits South Wales to explore leech production business which has been making a comeback. 5 comments 2 shares Bloody truth about the stuff in your veins The ghosts of war and a fitting tribute to the sacrifice of millions: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews WW1: The Final Hours CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: There’s the serious-minded, scholarly approach, told through a dramatised documentary with whispered narration and silent actors who move like ghosts. comments share CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews WW1: The Final Hours Too risqué for the Louvre: Furious Australian blogger claims she was REFUSED entry to Paris museum because of her revealing dress Newsha Syeh, an influencer from Australia, vented her anger to her 230,000 plus followers on Instagram, and said the experience left her 'heartbroken'. 140 comments 18 shares Blogger slams Louvre museum banned her due to revealing dress Emmerdale star Mark Jordon, 53, denies 'BITING pensioner's face in pub row' after arriving at court with his co-star girlfriend Laura Norton Jordon arrived at Tameside Magistrates' Court in Greater Manchester today with actress girlfriend Laura Norton, who plays Kerry Wyatt in the soap. 2 shares Emmerdale star Mark Jordon, 53, denies 'biting pensioner' Cold case expert tells court how he found 'one-in-a-billion DNA match' to murder suspect Russell Bishop on the arm of one of two girls found dead in woodland 32 years ago Russell Bishop, 52, is on trial at London's Old Bailey charged with the murders of nine-year-olds Karen Hadaway and Nicola Fellows in Brighton. 6 shares Cold case expert 'found one-in-a-billion DNA match to Russell Bishop' Heavy rain and 60mph gusts will hit western Britain with weather warnings in place for next 24 hours (but enjoy 57F sunshine in the East while it lasts) Up to 1.6in (40mm) of rain could fall in areas of Scotland and Northern Ireland this afternoon and overnight into tomorrow, although much of England will enjoy sunshine with 57F (14C) temperatures. 17 comments 1 video 418 shares Heavy rain and 60mph gusts will hit western Britain over next two days The mother who broke Eric's heart: He was notoriously cruel to his lovers — but was it just Clapton’s revenge on the woman who raised him?  Philip Norman documents the life of musician Eric Clapton in a new biography (pictured inset). Eric who was bought up by his grandmother, dreamed of building a relationship with his mother Patricia (pictured together right). In later life he began demonstrating the hurt he experienced from his mother in the relationships he had with women. In one account he was inspired to write hit song, Layla from his relationship with Pattie Boyd (pictured together left) however given the opportunity he began chatting up her friend. 34 comments 2 videos 7 shares The mother who broke Eric's heart Watchdog puts NHS Trust into special measures after more than 100 cases of alleged poor care to be reviewed A hospital trust has been placed into special measures after 100 cases of alleged poor care are to be reviewed. Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust has been placed into special measures. share Watchdog puts NHS Trust into special measures Stephen Hawking’s wheelchair sells for £300,000 - TWENTY times the estimated value A wheelchair used by physicist Stephen Hawking has sold at auction for almost £300,000 while a copy of his doctoral thesis fetched almost £585,000, comments 2 shares Stephen Hawking’s wheelchair sells for £300,000 ANOTHER Uber driver ischarged with raping ‘unconscious’ female passenger after her birthday party in the US but claims he had consensual sex with the 'highly intoxicated' woman Uber driver Michael Squadrito, 40, of Everett, Massachusetts was charged on Wednesday with the alleged rape of an unconscious Boston woman during a ride that she had ordered home. 1 comment 12 shares Another Uber driver charged with raping ‘unconscious’ female passenger Just a dozen mourners attend the funeral of notorious murdered mob boss 'Whitey' Bulger, including his brother, his ex-attorney and the twin sister of his jailed long-term girlfriend A funeral for James 'Whitey' Bulger. 89, was held on Thursday at St. Monica - St. Augustine Church in South Boston a week after he was beat to death by inmates at a West Virginia prison. 86 comments 1 video 16 shares Funeral for gangster Whitey Bulger held in Boston Deck the halls with boughs of HOLLY! Sneak peek of M&S' hotly-anticipated Christmas advert sees daytime TV queen dazzling in winter woollies (while model David Gandy dons marigolds to do the washing up) Marks & Spencer brand ambassador Holly Willoughby, 37, stars in the first look of the British high street retailer's new Christmas campaign, which will be released next week. 51 comments 1 video 12 shares M&S Christmas advert 2018: Holly Willoughby stars in new festive spot Angry mother brands Aldi's Christmas advert too 'traumatic' for children claiming her own were left distraught as Kevin the Carrot dices with death A parent has complained to the advertising standards agency, claiming that Aldi's Christmas launch advert, which sees Kevin the Carrot dicing with death, is too traumatic for children. 271 comments 2 videos 2.5k shares Mother slams Aldi’s Christmas advert for being ‘traumatic’ to children Move over Manolo! White trainers are the new heels with the smart set now wearing trainers to the glitziest occasions but, asks DINAH VAN TULLEKEN - is it a fashion crime or a feminist triumph? Emma Thompson, left, is pictured in white trainers after receiving a Damehood at Buckingham Palace. Also pictured with white trainers are Kate Middleton, second left, Joanna Lumley, Dame Helen Mirren and Sam Cam. White trainers then became a ‘must have’ for stylish women everywhere after British designer Phoebe Philo, the coolest woman in fashion, wore a white pair when she came onto the runway at the end of her autumn/winter 2011 show for Celine. Wearing trainers with black trousers, a grey roll-neck and minimal make-up, she epitomised the effortless chic that so many women aspire to. It was no surprise, then, that the following February, Victoria Beckham ditched her trademark heels for her own pair of white trainers when she took to the runway at the end of her show that cemented her reputation as a designer. Whereas once the fashion crowd would not have deigned to attend a show in anything less than sky-high heels, now they began to look out of place on the front row if they weren’t wearing trainers. At the Chanel Haute Couture show in 2014, Karl Lagerfeld dressed every model in trainers. The look then filtered down to the High Street — and school runs everywhere. 24 comments 1 video 3 shares White trainers are the new heels, writes DINAH VAN TULLEKEN 'Going to the police was the hardest thing': Amish woman 'sexually assaulted by her bishop' fled the strict community - where rapists were punished with 6 weeks of shunning - fearing for her life and for his daughter who he was later jailed for molesting Misty Griffin, now married and a nursing student on the West Coast, details her childhood and her time with an Amish community in her newly updated memoir, 'Tears of the Silenced.' 39 comments 1 video 28 shares Ex-Amish woman 'sexually assaulted by her bishop' 'I've finally popped my clogs': Widow, 91, writes her own death notice saying 'it was time to go' before she passes away to join 'her late loving husband she has missed terribly for 25 years' Jean Hedley (pictured), 91 and from County Durham, published her own death notice in The Northern Echo last week inviting friends and family to her funeral at Durham Crematorium. 220 comments 42 shares Widow, 91, writes her own death notice saying 'it was time to go' Disgraced banker's wife who blew £16million at Harrods will be freed on bail as bid to extradite her to Azerbaijan continues  Zamira Hajiyeva, 55, used 35 credit cards issued by her husband's bank to splash out £16 million over a decade at Harrods, located just a stone's-throw from her lavish London home. 5 comments 8 shares Wife of banker subject to first Unexplained Wealth Order freed on bail This order is to go! Kind Burger King employee goes viral as she is caught on camera walking an elderly customer with a bad back to his car Alexis Easter, 19, was pictured helping a customer called Mr. John to his car at a Burger King in Mechanicsville, Virginia. Elizabeth Chandler posted the candid moment to Facebook. 16 comments 3 shares Burger King worker goes viral walking elderly customer with to his car SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Roman Abramovich’s health club popular with Chelsea's Premier League stars is hit by serial thief who's been stealing watches and money from lockers  Roman Abramovich’s health club adjoins Stamford Bridge football ground and is popular with Chelsea’s players and staff. 1 comment share Roman Abramovich’s health club hit by serial thief The solar storm so strong it almost scuppered a US attack during the Vietnam War: Study finds 1972 eruption caused sea mines to blow up A new Boulder study claims Operation Pocket Money, a plan to deploy 11,000 sea mines off the coast of North Vietnam to cut off naval supply routes to the region, was scuppered by the storm. 2 comments 1 video 5 shares Giant solar storm in 1972 could have caused US mines to explode Trouble in Paradise: Hundreds are trapped and 27,000 flee northern California town as dangerous wildfire swells to 5,000 acres sparking a state of emergency A state of emergency in Northern California has been declared because of a dangerous wildfire that has destroyed homes and forced thousands to flee. In the town of Paradise, about 180 miles northeast of San Francisco at least 27,000 people in the town were ordered to flee. The National Weather Service say low humidity and strong winds were expected to continue through Friday evening. 42 comments 1 video 47 shares Hundreds trapped and thousands flee area of California as blaze spread Retailers in the doldrums: In-store sales fall for the ninth consecutive month as shoppers shun the High Street With Black Friday on the horizon this month, many shoppers shunned the high street in October and are holding out for better deals, BDO's latest High Street Sales Tracker shows. comments share Retail sector remains in the doldrums as store sales fall once again Marijuana may help Alzheimer's sufferers' memories, mouse study suggests - but it makes healthy rodents forgetful  The active ingredient in marijuana, THC, makes is well known to impair the memories of healthy minds, but a new German study in mice suggests it busts Alzheimer's plaques to improve cognition. 10 comments 1 video 18 shares Marijuana helps Alzheimer's sufferers' memories, mouse study suggests A train arrival that’s TOO speedy for once! Baby is born on board a service at Stratford station as mother unexpectedly goes into labour  A baby has been born on a train after its mother went into labour while on a London-bound service. Trains heading into Stratford International were delayed after paramedics rushed to the train. comments share Baby is born on board a service at Stratford station From sleeping with your boss to getting frisky with a friend: Therapist decodes what your sex dreams really mean A couples counsellor revealed what different forms of sex dreams really mean, while an Australian dream therapist spoke to FEMAIL about what our other dreams are trying to tell us. 5 comments share Couples therapist decodes what your sex dreams really mean Massive stone structures in the middle of Chile's Atacama Desert used for 'ceremonial purposes' as far back as 5,000 years ago The discoveries suggest the harsh Atacama Desert was home to complex hunter-gatherer communities that sought refuge where resources were plentiful enough to support them. 4 comments 8 shares 5,000-year-old ceremonial stone structures found in Atacama Desert Facebook reveals its anti-ISIS AI: System gives posts a 'terror score' to flag those promoting banned organizations Facebook said it's been more successful at removing terrorist content from its platform - owed in large part to its advanced AI tools. It removed 3 million pieces of terrorist content in the third quarter. 3 comments 1 video 2 shares Facebook uses AI to flag posts believed to be tied to terrorist groups US woman, 29, whose daughter was stillborn after she 'free-birthed' without medical assistance during her SIX DAY labour is accused of being a 'baby killer' A woman, using the pseudonym Lisa, 29, from California went through a free birth without medical assistance, but when she went to hospital after six days it was too late to save her daughter. She has since faced a wave of online abuse for not seeking medical attention until six days after her contractions first started. 15 comments 2.7k shares Woman is branded a 'baby killer' after daughter died during free birth Plane disgusting! Woman is filmed picking her foot before take-off by horrified passenger This is the moment a woman can be seen picking at her foot while on an airplane, to the disgust of a fellow passenger. It is unclear where the footage was filmed, although it seems to be in the US. 2 comments 1 video 10 shares Woman filmed picking her foot before take-off by horrified passenger Mother who breastfed her daughter until she was aged NINE claims it's given them an unbreakable bond Mother-of-four Sharon Spink, 50, stopped feeding her nine-year-old daughter Charlotte earlier this year after the youngster decided she no longer wanted 'mummy milk'. 54 comments 1 video 10k shares Mother reveals she's stopped breastfeeding her daughter - aged NINE! Loved-up couple use a POWER TOOL to engrave their names on sacred rock - infuriating Australians who say Aboriginals use the landmark for ceremonies The pair imprinted their names inside a large love heart using an angle grinder on top of Mount Ngungun, in Queensland's Glass House Mountains. 14 comments 1 video 3 shares Couple use a POWER TOOL to engrave their names on national landmark Meet the PLIMP: $4m hybrid passenger airship will combine aspects of planes, blimps and helicopters The passenger version of the Plimp will be able to carry up to 8 passengers or 2000 lbs of cargo, and cruise at 63mph, with a range of 1,300 miles, its Seattle based inventors claim. 31 comments 2 videos 21 shares Meet the PLIMP: Craft combines planes, blimps and helicopters Eight-foot Asian monitor lizard that escaped from his owner's Florida home and terrified a neighborhood is finally caught after three months on the run Bamboo, the Asian water monitor, has been safely found after escaping from his owner's Florida home three months ago. The lizard will be returned to his owner, who received a citation for his escape. 2 comments 1 share Eight-foot Asian monitor lizard that escaped from his owner is caught Dance of the Sugar Plum Babies! Photographer dresses up peacefully-sleeping newborns for magical Nutcracker-themed photoshoot Photographer Karen Marie of Belly Beautiful Portraits has always been a big fan of the Nutcracker. So the California-based snapper staged a Nutcracker-themed photoshoot starring babies. 3 comments 28 shares Photographer stages Nutcracker-themed photoshoot with babies Wand-erful! Eddie Redmayne, Jude Law and Johnny Depp in a magical return to 1920s Hogwarts: KATE MUIR reviews Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald Muggles, grab your Eurostar tickets now, as J.K. Rowling's magical world heads for Paris in a spectacular second instalment of the Fantastic Beasts series, The Crimes of Grindelwald. Eddie Redmayne returns as the batty magizoologist Newt Scamander, once again fighting the dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald, who has world domination and Muggle suppression on his twisted mind. The film opens with an ingenious escape which puts the typical prison break firmly in the shade: a black carriage seemingly pulled by the horses of the Apocalypse, a prisoner under triple-wand security, a swirling, treacly mass of sky and water, a victory for evil. Yes, Grindelwald is back. 12 comments 1 video 2 shares KATE MUIR reviews Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald JK Rowling brings her magic to Paris as Eddie Redmayne and Jude Law join her at premiere of Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald - but co-star Ezra Miller steals the show in bizarre padded gown The next installment of J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts franchise arrived in Paris on Thursday night as the world premiere of The Crimes of Grindelwald took place in the French capital. 274 comments 2 videos 16 shares Fantastic Beasts: Eddie Redmayne at world premiere 'SOUPer creepy!' Neighbour asks anonymous stranger to stop sending soup by addressing it to 'my perfect little soup boy' - and Twitter can't get enough of the bizarre story Comedian Hannah Solow from New York shared a post from one of her neighbors on a messaging board. The person complained about someone sending them soup anonymously. 5 comments 1 share Neighbor asks anonymous stranger to stop sending soup Female prison officer, 27, is accused of having inappropriate relationship with inmate at young offenders' institution  Stacey Sutherland, 27, of Barnard Castle, Co Durham, appeared today at Newtown Aycliffe Magistrates' Court, accused of having a relationship with an inmate at HMP Deerbolt. 3 shares Female warder, 27, accused of having a relationship with an inmate VW declares war on Tesla with plans to dramatically undercut Elon Musk's car firm with $23,000 electric vehicle Reuters claims the firm is planning to sell its 'MEB entry' vehicle for just £22,836 (20,000 euros) and plans to make 200,000 of them a year. 24 comments 1 video 11 shares VW plans to sell electric Tesla rival for less than $23,000 -source 'It's like she's been savaged by a DOG!': Toddler is scarred for life with 15 bites on her face and neck after CHILDREN attack her at soft play centre  Willow-Ivy Doherty, 17 months, was playing with her brother Tucker, six and sister Aurora, three, at the Little Beas soft play centre in Seacroft, Leeds when she was bitten 15 times. 29k 631 comments 1 video Russian oligarch embroiled in UK's biggest divorce battle wins right to sail off in his £350 million superyacht after sharia judges in Dubai overrule British court Farkhad Akmedov has been told he can he can keep his £350m mega yacht and is free to sail it away from a port in Dubai. The yacht Luna has been under lock and key for eight month. 2 comments 43 shares Russian billionaire in UK's biggest divorce wins right to £350m yacht Now that’s a pushy parent! Angry father shoves over his son to help him save a shot – before he turns away in disgust when the other team score anyway during Under-8s game  This is the shocking moment a father pushes over his own son to help him save a goal during an Under-8s football match. The footage, filmed in mid Wales, shows the man shoving the young goalkeeper in the direction of the ball. Although the boy saves the initial shot because of the push, another player scores from the rebound prompting the goalkeeper's father to turn away in disgust. The video was uploaded to Twitter by Chris Wilkins who said that the match was between Bow Street Magpies FC and Ysgol Llanilar FC. It has now been viewed more than six million times. 2 comments 4 shares Angry father shoves over his son to help him save a shot Black passenger is filmed hurling n-word and homophobic slurs at another African American passenger on a plane at LAX The Friday clip shows the woman shouting a plethora of offensive remarks at the man, who can occasionally be heard retorting. It is unknown where the flight had come from. 29 comments 1 video 59 shares Black woman argues with man on flight to LAX, uses homophobic slur NHS 'should use Skype to help cut 'unnecessary hospital appointments', says top doctor  Professor Stephen Powis says the current outpatient system is unfit for purpose. There are 118million outpatient appointments a year at NHS hospitals in England. 5 comments share NHS 'should use Skype to cut 'unnecessary appointments', says doctor Peaky blunder! The wrong spot in Manchester has been labelled as the area's highest point for 200 years The Temple in Manchester's Heaton Park was believed to be the city's highest point - but it turns out the actual spot is some 550 yards away in a much less picturesque location. 127 comments 60 shares Wrong spot in Manchester labelled as area's highest spot T-Rex could turn like a 'figure skater from hell' and was far more agile than thought, new reconstruction finds A new analysis of their motion suggests the predators could quickly pivot, using powerful leg muscles to turn their bodies twice as fast as other dinosaurs of the same size. 74 comments 1 video 14 shares T-Rex could turn like a 'figure skater from hell' Why you should feel less guilty if you have a biscuit when you get home from work: Early evening is the time of day 'when you burn the most calories' Researchers at Brigham and Women's Hospital found when people burn most calories by keeping 10 people in a laboratory for 37 days without any clocks and shifting some of their bedtimes. 7 comments 9 shares A reason to sneak a biscuit when you get home from work? 'It's a sick joke': MP blasts death sentence for hotel bell boy in Bahrain 'who was tortured into confessing' despite UK spending £5m in foreign aid to stop prisoner abuse there Maher al-Khabbaz, 34, was arrested in 2013 after a police officer was killed with a flare gun at a pro-democracy demonstration, despite having a strong alibi. 3 comments 3 shares Bahrain man faces death sentence despite £5m in UK aid to stop torture Office? Meeting place? Library? Latest TRAIN design reveals the future of travel – with carriages that can adapt their layout during the day to cater for different needs of passengers NS railway company has hired a world renowned architecture firm and a furniture company, tasked with creating the new concept for Dutch railways. The move is in response to a survey of passenger's wishes for their ideal train interior and will hopefully be rolled out by 2025. Responses called for a more formal office zone (main), hang out social area (bottom right) and of course, a normal train (top right). 5 comments 1 share Office? Meeting place? Latest TRAIN design reveals future of travel Burberry's £290 T-shirts sell out in under 24 hours: Fashion house uses social media to sell limited edition range  The items, modelled by Riccardo Tisci and Irina Shayk, feature a logo based on the interlocking initials of founder Thomas Burberry. comments share Burberry's £290 T-shirts sell out in under 24 hours 'SHAMELESS': MPs attack the rip-off ATM fees faced by millions who have been abandoned by their banks Communities across the country have been robbed of essential banking services as business moves online. Many customers now have to withdraw money from fee-charging machines. 14 comments share 'SHAMELESS': MPs attack the rip-off ATM fees Men obsessed with going to the gym have a higher risk of depression which drives them to binge-drink and use illegal steroids A new study led by the Norwegian University of Science and Technology has found that gym-obsessed men were four times more likely to use anabolic steroids to build muscle. 19 comments 2 videos 8 shares Men obsessed with the gym are more likely to suffer from depression EXCLUSIVE: Hugh Hefner's widow Crystal Harris finally finds a buyer for Hollywood Hills pad left to her by the Playboy founder for $5.5 million after slashing the price by nearly $2 million The 32-year-old former Playboy Playmate listed the California pad in January for $7.2m, just four months after Hugh Hefner died in September of 2017. 174 comments 1 video 22 shares Hugh Hefner's widow Crystal Harris sells the pad left to her for $5.5m Facebook says its controversial new 'Portal' video-calling device DOESN'T listen in on users - but admits it will monitor how you use it to create targeted ads Facebook has admitted its controversial Portal video calling device will monitor users activity to 'improve the product' - and serve them lucrative targeted ads. 127 comments 2 videos 84 shares Facebook's $200 Portal device goes on sale amid privacy concerns Politicians around the world call for Mark Zuckerberg to answer questions over Facebook's role in spreading fake news  Facebook say Zuckerberg (pictured) cannot attend 'every parliament' as the multi-billionaire snubs calls by Tory MP Damian Collins (inset) and other nations to answer questions over fake news. 155 comments 2 videos 53 shares Politicians around world call for Zuckerberg to answer questions Video of angry mechanic shouting 'Why you coming fast?' at cyclist who crashes into him sparks wave of funny online memes Memes are flooding the internet after a mechanic was the unfortunate star of a clip uploaded to YouTube. In the video, he is repairing the wheel of a car when a cyclist wearing a helmet cam captures the moment his bike clips a wall at speed sends him hurtling into the man wearing a high visibility vest. Hilarity ensues as the mechanic berates the cyclist and coins an unwanted catchphrase. The clip appears to have been shot in the UK and has become an online sensation with a remix (bottom right)and cartoon version (top right) emerging, swathes of memes (left) have also appeared online. 39 245 comments Exposure to blue light can be as effective at lowering blood pressure as medication Researchers from the University of Surrey and Heinrich Heine University Dusseldorf found that blue light stimulates the release of nitric oxide, which relaxes blood vessels and lowers blood pressure. 47 12 comments 1 video Sainsbury's under fire for EMPTY SHELVES as company blames hot weather and staff shortage for shabby stores Sainsbury’s has been criticised for letting standards slip as it revealed sluggish sales growth and plunging profits, for which the supermarket blames staff shortage and hot weather. comments 10 shares Sainsbury's under fire for empty shelves Three of the ‘Grenfell Six’ have their Conservative Club membership SUSPENDED following the fallout from their vile effigy burning video as new footage emerges of one of them mocking the homeless A statement on the website confirmed that Clifford Smith along with Bobbi Connell and Paul Bussetti have had their memberships suspended pending a police investigation. 5 comments 2 videos 1 share Three of ‘Grenfell Six’ have Conservative Club membership SUSPENDED Paedophile police officer accused of raping 13-year-old girl in car back seat while he filmed her tells jurors: 'She seemed to be enjoying it' Ian Naude, 30, of Shropshire picked up the teenager from her house while her mother was out and drove her to a quiet country lane to have sex with her, Liverpool Crown Court (pictured) heard. 2.2k shares Paedophile police officer claims '13-year-old he raped enjoyed it' 'The f****r drove away like he'd just hit a squirrel on the side of the road': Cocaine-fuelled driver who spent a year on the run after leaving a teenage girl to die in a hit and run is jailed for three and a half years Freddy Webb, 26, had drunk alcohol and taken cocaine before his Volkswagen Golf slammed in Ky Boot as she rode her motorbike through Tadworth, near Epsom, Surrey in May 2017. 4 comments 26 shares Drink and drug driver who went on the run is finally jailed 'I've got a real Welsh rarebit haven't I': Man who got penis fillers to boost his girth to 15cm says the procedure has boosted his confidence Stuart Price, 36, from Caerphilly in Wales, had injections to boost the girth of his penis from 4.9 inches (12.5cm), which was already above average, to 5.9 inches (15cm). 1 comment 1 video 222 shares Man on This Morning reveals how penis fillers have changed his life PICTURED: 'Angry' Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly 'hold difficult crisis talks over their future in TV... as star prepares to hand over £30million to ex-wife Lisa Armstrong in divorce' Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly looked sullen as they held a reportedly 'difficult' meeting about their TV future in Chiswick on Tuesday. The presenting pair were said to be full of 'silent anger' and 'frustration' on the day, according to body language expert Judi James.  However, the duo's representative hit back at the claims, saying: 'This is yet another person spouting total rubbish just to try and get a moment in the spotlight on the back of Ant and Dec. They should be ashamed.'  158 comments 2 videos share Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly PICTURED: They 'hold crisis talks' Bombardier refuse to rule out UK staff cut as company restructure could make almost 5,000 people jobless Bombardier has refused to rule out job cuts in the UK as they announced plans to axe 5,000 roles. The Canadian company is restructuring globally to save £146m and has not said where jobs will go. comments share Bombardier plans to axe 5,000 UK jobs Happiness test to boost Britain's profits: Workers urged to take part in online survey  More than 10,000 people have taken part in the free survey by Engaging Works. So far 81 companies have signed up to the website, including Coca-Cola, Virgin Money and Burger King. comments share Happiness test to boost profits: Workers urged to take online quiz Young volunteer finds 'completely intact' 50-year-old Golden Wonder crisp packet during beach clean The Golden Wonder plastic bag dating back to the 1960s and was discovered by a young beach cleaner (pictured) at Saunton Beach in Devon. 39 comments 1 video 37 shares Young volunteer finds 'completely intact' 50-year-old crisp packet Relaxed racoon eats its dinner from its belly in cute video  This video shows a lazy racoon laying flat on her back and stuffing her face with food stored on her belly. The video was filmed in Pskov, Gorod Pskov in Russia by Olga, the owner of Eva the racoon. 2 comments 1 video 15 shares Relaxed racoon eats its dinner from its belly in cute video  Police arrest two men, 33 and 36, after group dressed up as Ku Klux Klan members posed for pictures outside Islamic prayer centre  The men, aged 33 and 36, from Newtownards, were arrested on suspicion of displaying written material to stir up hatred or arouse fear, and on suspicion of possession of a Class C drug. 1 video 43 shares Police arrest two men, 33 and 36, after group dressed up as KKK Tesla announce Australian accountant Robyn Denholm replaces banned Elon Musk as chairwoman Tesla has appointed an Australian accountant to take over as chairman from Elon Musk as part of a settlement with US regulators. 1 comment 1 share Robyn Denholm replaces Elon Musk as Tesla chairwoman Lust for PUNK Life! From thrusting Iggy Pop to lip-curling Billy Idol... legends of 1970s counter-culture who left the hippie generation feeling pretty vacant These are some of the stunning images taken by award winning Manchester photographer Kevin Cummins who has released a limited edition book featuring punk icons of the 1970s. Among the legends featured are Iggy Pop, left, Billy Idol, pictured at Rafters in Manchester with Generation X, top centre, Johnny Rotten, bottom centre, and Debbie Harry of Blondie, right. 164 112 comments 1 video There's a reason it's called Ladies Day! Glamorous racegoers let their hair down at Melbourne's Spring Racing Carnival It's not hard to see why it's named Ladies Day as attendees of the event are seen in glamorous party outfits, soaking up the sun and enjoying a glass of bubbles with friends 34 comments 2 videos 3.6k shares Glamorous Ladies Day racegoers let their hair loose and party hard Villager says church wardens have 'ruined' her £2m home by pruning massive 100-year-old hedge to the ground leaving only 'ugly black stumps' behind  Villager Frances Carey is fuming after her local church reduced the ten-foot hedge to a 'horrendous eyesore' in Datchet, Berkshire. 250 comments 5 shares Villager says church 'ruined' her £2m home by pruning their hedge More than 10 pedestrians suffer life-threatening injuries every month when they are hit by cyclists, record-breaking new figures show A record number of pedestrians are being killed or seriously injured in crashes with cyclists, new figures have revealed. In 2017, 130 people were injured in accidents involving cyclists. 2 comments 8 shares Record number of pedestrians are injured by cyclists, figures show Council rakes in £16,000 in bus lane fines from drivers diverted by M5 crash which killed two people and caused 11-mile tailbacks  The horror crash on the M5 in Somerset on September 13 killed Rod Walsh, 54, Joanne Jennings, 45, and injured four others. Somerset Council earned £16,000 in fines through diversions. 82 comments 11 shares Council gets £16k in bus lane fines after M5 crash caused diversion 'Offgrid' mother whose one-year-old daughter weed on This Morning gives birth to third child in water bath at home without pain relief or midwife (and her new daughter has a unisex name) Adele and Matt Allen, from East Sussex, believe in an all-natural approach to bringing up their children - so much so they refuse modern medicine and traditional schooling. 13 comments 1 video 9 shares 'Offgrid' mum whose child weed on This Morning gives birth History of human migration throughout the Americas is MAPPED: Discoveries ranging from Alaska to the Andes redefines our understanding of how people conquered the continent Research involving scientists from all over the world has redefined our understanding of how humans conquered the Americas. 15 comments 1 video 24 shares History of human migration throughout the Americas is MAPPED IN BOOKS TODAY THEY MURDERED SIX MILLION AND GOT AWAY WITH IT: Up to a million people were involved in the extermination of Jews in Hitler's death camps, yet only a paltry 6,600 were convicted BLOODY TRUTH ABOUT THE STUFF IN YOUR VEINS: Author details extraordinary facts about the human body in a fascinating new tome THE MOTHER WHO BROKE ERIC'S HEART: He was notoriously cruel to his lovers, but was it just Clapton's revenge on the woman who raised him? THE WOMEN SEEN OFF BY WALLIS: Edward VIII LOVED the ladies You appear to have an ad-blocker running which will prevent this page from functioning as intended. Please disable your ad-blocker or set an exception for this page. Today's hottestfashion finds See more Rita Get a piece of the angel action in a Victoria's Secret robeRead more › Kate Make a statement like the Duchess of Cambridge wearing Jenny PackhamRead more › Claudia Sparkle in sequins like Ayda wearing a Saint Laurent dressRead more › Katya Copy Katya and cover up in a snakeskin jacket by BershkaRead more ›   The birth of a rectangle: Satellite images reveal strange tabular berg breaking off its 'parent' The rectangular iceberg was thought to be freshly calved from Larsen C, which in July 2017 released the massive A68 iceberg, a chunk of ice about the size of the state of Delaware. However, new satellite images reveal it 'has a far more interesting history that thought' and had actually been floating around the sear for four months before it was spotted. The images, tweeted November 9, 2018, by Stef Lhermitte of Delft University of Technology, shows the small, newly calved icebergs. The rectangle iceberg—which was about 4 kilometers long at the time appears just north of a curved berg. Both were about a third of the way down the new front of the Larsen C. Inset, the iceberg on October 16th, when it was first spotted by NASA. 13 comments 5 videos 4 shares The birth of a rectangle: video of strange rectangular berg Thousands of Islamists take to the streets of Pakistan to demand Christian mother cleared of blasphemy is BEHEADED Asia Bibi was arrested in 2009 on charges of insulting Islam's prophet and sentenced to death in 2010. Her conviction was overturned last week and she was released today after eight years. 10 comments 2 videos 98 shares Woman at centre of Pakistani blasphemy row leaves jail The most calorific Christmas drinks on the market revealed (and some festive beverages contain more than FOURTEEN spoonfuls of sugar) Researchers looked at the sugar and calorie content on some of Britain's best-loved Christmas drinks and found that some contained almost a quarter of an adult's RDA. 280 comments 3 videos 491 shares The most calorific Christmas drinks revealed Mac on... Charles to end his 'meddling' ‘Dear Would-be Monarch, No plans to Brexit here so you can carry on meddling. Yours affectionately, Current Monarch (Remainer!)’ comments share Mac on... Charles to end his 'meddling' Practice makes perfect! Man stuns fellow gym goers with his bizarre thrusting work-out  This bizarre video shows the moment a gym-goer decided to try out a strange new hip-thrusting routine. The footage was filmed at a gym in Shanghai, China by onlookers who were left confused by the man's exercise drill.  In the strange clip, the man can be seen on all fours and thrusting his pelvis forward rapidly and repeatedly. To make the situation even more awkward for those watching, he can also be heard gasping and grunting as he carries out his risqué hip thrusting exercise. 44 comments 1 video 30 shares Man stuns fellow gym goers with his bizarre thrusting work-out      MORE DON'T MISS Kourtney Kardashian nails casual chic in leather jacket and velvet trousers as she joins newly-single Larsa Pippen for church service in LA Ronnie Wood and ex Jo prove they are friendly exes as they attend eco event alongside his wife Sally and son Tyrone Friendly exes  Khloe Kardashian shows off slender legs in in skinny grey jeans as she heads out in LA Khloe turned the pavement into a catwalk Cara Delevingne is blonde bombshell in backless black outfit featuring torso cutouts at Innovator Awards Held at New York's Museum Of Modern Art  Retail guru Mary Portas says she doesn't believe Sir Philip Green is a 'bad person' - but thinks he's 'caught up in Eighties culture' and 'using power to bully'  Emily Ratajkowski describes her brand of feminism and 'boob crack' items on Busy Tonight talk show The 27-year-old model spoke candidly  Scarlett Moffatt flies business class to Australia for I'm A Celeb... while her spin-off co-host Joe Swash was relegated to economy The real Prince Charles: Future king is a workaholic who 'falls asleep at his desk' (but still loves crawling around with his grandchildren) Sofia Vergara looks beautiful in black pantsuit at Michael Kors' celebration of Kate Hudson in LA Sofia was a vision of beauty on the night  I'm so proud of how he stepped in to walk Meghan down the aisle, says Harry as he and William give interview about their relationship with their father The Prince and the fashion queen! Naomi Campbell makes a surprise appearance at a reception in Lagos ahead of Prince Charles' 70th birthday Charles is not a man to act in haste - it took him 30 years to marry Camilla - so he will have given his TV gamble much thought, says RICHARD KAY Demi Lovato steps out for coffee after it emerges she's living 'part-time at a sober house' following rehab stint Back to her best Strictly Come Dancing's Katya Jones looks glam during solo outing... amid claims she and Neil Jones fear being AXED after Seann Walsh kissgate' I'm A Celebrity campmates 'face infestation of blood-sucking leeches and giant earthworms as huge storms drive critters into camp' Demi Rose takes style tips from Megan McKenna as she wears SAME £129 bondage dress the TOWIE star rocked at awards bash weeks earlier Kate Hudson flaunts post-baby body as she is joined by Danny Fujikawa at Michael Kors event honoring her Kate showcased her incredible post-baby body Jaime King and Chantel Jeffries flash their taut tummies at star-studded Moschino X H&M bash They posed up a storm at the party Ariel Winter flaunts legs in leather pants at Moschino x H&M Los Angeles with boyfriend Ariel brought her A-game to the fashion event in LA Olivia Munn sizzles in patterned bralette and matching jacket at Michael Kors dinner to celebrate Kate Hudson Olivia showcased her incredible figure  The Apprentice EXCL: Fired Kurran Pooni insists Lord Sugar made the 'right decision' as he wants to pursue acting and take on VILLAIN roles  'I don't care what anybody thinks': Teresa Giudice defies jailed husband Joe and enters bikini contest on Real Houswives Of New Jersey Chrissy Teigen puts on a leggy display as she enjoys a date night with John Legend at the Innovator Awards  Chrissy always dresses to impress  Lupita Nyong'o stuns in an all-white ensemble at the WSJ. Magazine Innovator Awards Oscar winning actress Lupita is known for her great sense of style  Back on her feet! Elle Macpherson stuns in boho outfit as she attends the launch of her new Wellco beauty range in Sydney after taking a nasty fall Lena Dunham bares her midriff to show excitement for the Spice Girls reunion tour As the Spice Girls gear up for their summer reunion Chrissy Teigen fires back at breastfeeding shamer with the perfect snarky comeback Hilary Duff goes casual in billowy bomber jacket on errand trip with boyfriend and son... just weeks after giving birth to daughter TOWIE's Chloe Sims amps up the sex appeal in snakeskin bodysuit as she joins glam co-star Georgia Kousoulou at London party Revealing look Chris Pratt and Anna Faris agree to live within five miles away for their young son Jack's sake as part of divorce deal Amicable Real Housewives Of Dallas: LeeAnne Locken says Brandi Redmond is NOT an alcoholic but 'just a drunk' The 51-year-old reality star had cruel words  Brooke Shields is ravishing in red suit at CineBistro bash to screen her 1978 star-making film Pretty Baby Brooke was a lady in red for the screening  Brigitte Nielsen, 55, and her four-month-old daughter Frida don glamorous dresses as they pose for 'dreamy' snap Sweet moment  Cindy Crawford, 52, looks every inch the supermodel as the catwalk queen leaves lunch date in Malibu Cindy always looks sensational Charles perks up his trip to Africa after stunning supermodel Naomi Campbell, 48, tells him he 'doesn't look his age' Ahead of 70th birthday Mandy Moore oozes glamour in a seventies-inspired crochet dress for Joni Mitchell's star-studded 75th birthday bash in Los Angeles A musical celebration Chris Hemsworth shares photos behind the scenes of his new movie in India and takes a break from the gruelling action shoots to delight his fans  Taylor Hill gets flirty in tiny shorts as she heads to rehearsal in NYC a day ahead Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Getting runway ready Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts model figure in revealing mini dress for Michael Kors dinner in Beverly Hills Alessandra flaunted her toned curves  Teresa Giudice says she'd 'love' to talk to President Trump about pardon for husband Joe on WWHL The 46-year-old reality star appeaed on WWHL Jonah Hill and 21 Jump Street co-star Channing Tatum enjoy red carpet reunion at awards gala in NYC The two actors laughed as they posed for photos Eiza Gonzalez flaunts cleavage in black dress with plunging neckline as she enjoys sun-soaked day in LA She glowed in a little  black dress Abbey Clancy looks incredible in LBD with sexy sheer detailing as she enjoys date night with husband Peter Crouch Cosying up Owen Wilson 'refuses to meet' his newborn daughter Lyla and does not want to share custody He also has two sons from previous romances Barbara Palvin flaunts legs in black dress while heading to rehearsals for Victoria's Secret Show Barbara was spotted heading to rehearsals Farrah Abraham issued cease and desist by boxing promoter over business blow-up Emma Bunton sweetly gushes over fiancé Jade Jones and their two sons as she shares rare family snap... amid Spice Girls reunion madness Zoey Deutch rocks new fiery red bob haircut while out and about in LA After showing off her new redhead hairstyle on Instagram on Monday Sarah Jessica Parker wears Mickey Mouse ears as she celebrates opening of Disney exhibition in NYC The Sex And The City star looks great at 53 Tom Cruise, 56, 'delays filming of Top Gun sequel so he can learn to fly fighter jets to make stunts as realistic as possible' No stunt doubles needed Love Island exes Laura Anderson and Paul Knops suffer AWKWARD run-in as they both attend the same star-studded event Pierce Brosnan looks suave in midnight blue suit with his supportive wife Keely Shaye Smith at charity gala in New York City  Rock solid Shia LaBeouf packs on the PDA with his girlfriend FKA Twigs after a romantic lunch date Spotted holding hands and kissing The Mummy Diaries: Viewers bemused as Billie Faiers BANS fiancé Greg from sharing stag do online... before she posts countless photos  Fantastic Beasts actor Ezra Miller, 26, reveals #MeToo experience when he was underage and says Hollywood is made up of 'sex workers' Inside Brooke Vincent's swanky lovenest she shares with her beau Kean Bryan complete with a MASSIVE velvet bed and modern kitchen  Dancing On Ice: Brian McFadden and Richard Blackwood are the latest stars to be partnered up with pro skaters Just announced Melanie Sykes, 48, shows off her youthful good looks as she puts in a low-key appearance at photography exhibition Dressed down Lily James looks lovely in sophisticated jumpsuit as she attends Annabel's auction event with boyfriend Matt Smith Cute couple Cardi B gushes about husband Offset's upcoming 'deep' album as she says the powerful lyrics 'made me cry twice' Moved to tears The Weeknd picks up fan's bra on stage as girlfriend Bella Hadid looks on: 'You're gonna get me in trouble out here guys' Racy Ben Affleck looks ruggedly handsome in work clothes on the Los Angeles set of his new addiction drama Torrance Back at work Bryan Cranston admits he is unsure 'whether or not we'll even see Walter White' in the planned Breaking Bad film Hasn't read the script Michael Douglas says he used to smoke marijuana with Romancing The Stone co-star Danny DeVito: 'We were both potheads' Regal in red! Princess Beatrice looks festive in a velvet dress as she rubs shoulders with Kate Moss at Annabel's charity fundraiser Party pals Kate Hudson gets back to work after the birth of month-old baby Rani as new mother hosts a charity campaign Back at work The Mummy Diaries viewers left in tears as Greg shares emotional moment with his future father-in-law... but Billie Faiers is left fuming at his wild stag do antics Meg Ryan, 56 steps out with diamond ring on THAT finger... amid reports she's 'tied-the-knot' with John Mellencamp, 67 Rumour mill Riverdale star Marisol Nichols splits with husband Taron Lexton after 10 years of marriage Pair have one child together Georgia May Jagger and Eva Herzigová ooze vintage glamour in elegant gowns as the models attend the DKMS Big Love Gala Model beauties Audrina Patridge flashes her chiseled midriff in a stylish crop top as she films The Hills reboot in Los Angeles Daring to bare Pixie Geldof, 28, is joined by father Bob, 67, and his wife Jeanne Marine, 52, as eco-warrior family attend star-studded anti-plastic event Romee Strijd nails Western chic in thigh-high boots while Lais Ribeiro and Josephine Skriver go hell for leather at VS Fashion Show rehearsal 'The president is a f***ing embarrassment': John Legend tweets his disdain for Trump after confrontation with Jim Acosta at the White House    Laura Whitmore looks sensational in a striped dress and a sophisticated jacket as she party hops across London Living it up Selena Gomez 'LEAVES psychiatric facility' where she had 'dialectical behavior therapy' for her mental health and is now 'laying low' Love Island's Zara McDermott wows in plunging cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys another blissful beach day with beau Adam Collard in Miami Nicola Roberts stuns in sequin skirt as she joins glam Saturdays star Vanessa White at Warehouse fashion bash Trendy  Zoë Kravitz discusses dealing with racial stereotypes in film as she showcases her ethereal beauty in stunning new photoshoot Get Bella Hadid and Romee Strijd's bikini body: Celebrity trainer Joe Holder shares how he preps Victoria's Secret models for the catwalk Sadie Frost, 53, dazzles in a bronze sequinned dress as she attends Annabel's fundraiser with glam daughter Iris Law, 18 Joining forces 'I can't kiss you, can I?' Emma Thompson makes Prince William blush with affectionate joke as she receives damehood with her family at the Palace Kendall Jenner hugs her close pal Gigi Hadid as they arrive at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show rehearsals Final countdown Marnie Simpson debuts bizarre grey wig as she flaunts her surgically-enhanced curves in skintight catsuit... after being accused of bum lift  Susanna Reid PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: GMB host cosies up to Crystal Palace chairman boyfriend Steve Parish during romantic date night out in Soho Cheryl reveals she will NEVER date again after Liam Payne split, claims she's 'not evolved romantically' and calls son Bear the 'man of her dreams' Ashley Tisdale rocks a wide-brimmed hat to dinner in Los Angeles ahead of the release of her first single in nearly a decade Comeback Catherine Zeta Jones pulls no punches as a straight-talking beauty pageant coach in new trailer for Queen America First look Love Island's Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham take a big step in romance as they become parents to cute bulldog puppy Sandy Puppy love The Walking Dead's time-jumping new teaser reveals Judith replaced Carl... and the Whisperers arrive Preview for the next three episodes Look of love! Plus-size model Tess Holliday flaunts her tattooed curves and packs on the PDA with her husband Nick Passionate pair Coronation Street's Jack P Shepherd 'urged to alert police' after vile troll accuses him of DRUGGING his girlfriend and ABUSING his children Winnie Harlow shimmers in sparkly hoodie and knee-high boots as she arrives for VS Fashion Show rehearsal Model looks TOWIE's Chloe Lewis dons a plunging red trouser suit for glitzy collaboration launch party as her pals including Courtney Green show support Octavia Spencer reveals she wants her pal Ellen DeGeneres to 'hook her up' with Brad Pitt  Setting her sights on the actor Courtney Stodden proudly flaunts her fuller figure in a hot pink bikini as she declares 'I feel my sexiest' after gaining 25 pounds Body confident Ashlee Simpson embraces a rock chic look in edgy ensemble as she dines out in London with husband Evan Ross Date night Anwar Hadid mysteriously etches 'Why are you still in my mind' on his wrist... after ex Kendall Jenner reunites with Ben Simmons Whitney Port celebrates three years of marriage to Tim Rosenman with touching Instagram tribute Blissful  Khloe Kardashian poses with beaming daughter True in sweet snap.. as star tells baby girl 'you are everything to me' Cute Bella Hadid flashes some cleavage in white bodysuit as she joins sister Gigi for last fitting and rehearsal ahead of Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Drew Barrymore's popular beauty line is set to launch in Australia - and EVERYTHING is under $14  Cruelty-free products  Lauren Goodger sends fans wild as she gives her salon client a VERY dramatic makeover  Shared an Instagram snap of her latest makeover Gemma Arterton stuns in pretty lilac midi dress as she leads the host of stars attending BAFTA's Breakthrough Brits bash Ladylike Sarah Jessica Parker cuts an effortlessly chic figure in shimmering silver dress as she heads out in New York City Fashionista Ariana Grande flashes legs as she swings through heavenly landscape in haunting new Breathin music video New single Jacqueline Jossa confesses she wanted to PUNCH Dan Osborne in the face as she watched him flirt outrageously with Gabby Allen on CBB Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows her ex Harry James what he's missing with sultry Instagram snap... after deleting all traces of him from social media Megan Barton-Hanson ditches her usual glamour for a casual ensemble after beau Wes Nelson accidentally gave fans a peek into their sex life Vanessa Hudgens stars as a baker who trades places with a soon-to-be royal for Netflix film The Princess Switch... complete with a posh accent Elizabeth Hurley, 53, SIZZLES as she slips into one-shouldered white swimsuit to showcase age-defying physique on idyllic Maldives break Ginnifer Goodwin to star in Dolly Parton's Heartstrings as the actress lands her first role since Once Upon a Time ended Moving on Jessica Chastain looks ultra glam in figure hugging strapless gown and sparkling jewels as she turns on the Christmas lights in Paris store Relatable royals! Princess Mary swaps high heels for a pair of simple white sneakers as she enjoys a virtual reality tour in Italy with Prince Frederik  Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Sims drops the L bomb as she talks weddings and marriage plans with her date George Bit soon?  Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino and Lauren Pesce have a Kardashian moment as they channel KimYe in front of flower wall at their wedding Abby Lee Miller returns to work on the set of Dance Moms seven months after being diagnosed with cancer Back to work Cheryl teases fans with another sneak peek of her new comeback single Love Made Me Do It... as lyrics blast her 'f***er' ex Liam Payne Cheryl has delighted fans Katie Price 'splashes out on a pink Barbie-style wrap for her Suzuki jeep'... despite battling to avoid bankruptcy  Ill-advised? Delilah Belle Hamlin looks leggy in 60s inspired outfit as she leaves a meeting in New York Putting her best foot forward Behati Prinsloo puts her long legs on show ahead of her return to Victoria's Secret catwalk following two babies Incredible Inside Ashley James' ultimate girls pad: Model reveals her seriously stylish flat that boasts LOTS of pink decor and some very funky furnishings Courteney Cox, 54, is wrinkle free as she meets friend Jennifer Meyer for dinner near the beach in Los Angeles  Smooth visage  Katie Holmes and Jerry O Connell look in the first flush of love as they film movie adaptation of The Secret On set Lauren Goodger is left red-faced when boy brands his girlfriend prettier than TOWIE star... and Your Face Or Mine audience AGREES  Spencer and Vogue Matthews appear to get filming for their reality show underway as the new parents invite camera crew into their home Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson 'not on solid ground' as she is 'skeptical' of him... after she relives cheating scandal on KUWTK Jerry Seinfeld, 64, is teased by his wife Jessica, 47, for his 'Transitions' glasses in a social media post celebrating their daughter's 18th birthday Larsa Pippen opens up Scottie split as she insists 'people saying I'm a gold digger is insane' Just days after filing for divorce  Jennifer Lopez, 49, and Alex Rodriguez, 43, look ready for business as the stylish couple take a tour of Stanford University VIP tour Style queen! Letizia of Spain looks chic in a fitted jumpsuit as she joins husband King Felipe VI at a glittering reception in Valencia   Elegant Scarlett Moffatt tucks into a McDonald's after 27-hour flight to Australia for her I'm A Celebrity stint The former Gogglebox star returning to screens Jennifer Lopez, 49, and Alex Rodriguez, 43, look like happy parents as they pose with their daughters and he says 'the future is female' Family outing PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Mark Wright and Michelle Keegan step out together in public for the first time in MONTHS as they enjoy a family meal in Leeds  Fans turn on Beyoncé for sharing her Beto O'Rourke endorsement just FOUR HOURS before the polls closed - despite hosting voter registration at concerts Hilary Duff shares tender photo where she is breastfeeding baby Banks Violet as the child turns two weeks old New mother Jamie O'Hara thought dating Danielle Lloyd would make him 'the next David Beckham'... but divorce and career woes left him contemplating suicide Eddie Redmayne beams as he joins his Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald co-stars at radio appearance in New York City Ant McPartlin shows signs of strain as he takes dog Hurley out for a walk... amid custody battle with ex wife Lisa Armstrong over the canine... ... Whilst she spends her dog-free day putting on a confident display with Emma Willis at Rising Star talent competition Ant's ex  Emma Bunton reveals she was sick in Mel B's MOUTH following a night out during the height of her Spice Girl fame Stop right now  Mother-of-two Candice Swanepoel reveals she is 'ready' to walk the Victoria's Secret runway 'for all the mamas out there' In great shape Audrina Patridge flaunts her cleavage in red dress with leather jacket and booties while filming The Hills reboot in LA Back to her best Naomi Watts nails low-key autumn style as she braves crisp weather in two eye-catching coats Finished off her comfortable look with a pair of white sneakers Adriana Lima flashes her Victoria's Secret tank top as she lights up the Empire State Building in NYC The 2018 VS Show if coming soon! Victoria's Secret Angel Stella Maxwell slams critics of the lingerie brand as she insists 'walking the runway in my underwear is empowering'  Spice Girls are selling VIP tickets to their shows for a whopping £295... (but price does include souvenir badge and postcard set) Better start saving  Kanye West tweets religious quote... but accidentally includes underwear-clad Kim Kardashian in screenshot Oops  Holly Willoughby agreed to stand-in for Ant McPartlin on I'm A Celebrity 'as a favour to the host' as she prepares to jet off to Australia LeAnn Rimes, 36, reveals she first met husband Eddie Cibrian when she was only 14 and he was 23 LeAnn married Eddie seven years ago  The Queen, in timeless teal, admires the London skyline as she opens the swish new Schroders HQ in the City - and enjoys a tour of the trading floor Ariana Grande trips and almost falls while performing Thank U, Next about Pete Davidson and Mac Miller on Ellen Show... as she gets emotional  . Heidi and Spencer Pratt rock colorful tie-dye tops for Hollywood party as they enjoy night out without son Gunner 'My Mum cried when we got the letter': Call the Midwife actress Sarah Gordy becomes the first woman with Down's syndrome to receive an MBE  Noel Gallagher's daughter Anais, 18, shows off her model flair in sportswear as she fronts nineties fashion range campaign  Law & Order: SVU star Kelli Giddish flashes her very large baby bump in snap shared by co-star Mariska Hargitay Rob Lowe holds a tray of raw sausages alongside Angela Griffin as he swaps sunny LA for East Lincolnshire filming new ITV crime drama Wild Bill Holly Willoughby is gifted with a Good Luck Down Under cake and Australia travel guide as she prepares to jet off for I'm A Celebrity hosting duties Jason Biggs and wife Jenny Mollen chat about sex and reveal why they call their son 'The Dictator' 'We don't call him that to his face!' Why we'll NEVER see Meghan in a Victoria Beckham dress: Duchess shuns frocks from her pal's label because her torso 'isn't long enough' Demi Lovato is 'living part-time at a sober house' after finishing 90-day rehab stint following overdose The 26-year-old singer recently let rehab Ryan Reynolds is every inch the mysterious leading man as he films in Rome for Netflix's big-budget thriller Six Underground Will be one to watch Mel B claims Victoria Beckham WILL join the Spice Girls at Wembley... days after Posh vowed never to perform with the group again Amy Childs is BLASTED by fans for 'misleading' weight loss ad as she claims to have lost 14lbs in 28 days Spot the difference  Coronation Street: Maureen Lipman admits she revels playing 'really nasty' battleaxe Evelyn Plummer... as she teases rival Fiz Stape's exit Dutch Queen Máxima, 47, is forced to cancel a string of engagements  on doctors' advice after falling ill with a suspected 'intestinal infection' Poldark's Eleanor Tomlinson transforms into Demelza in forest green gown as she joins Aidan Turner to film boat scenes for final series in rainy Cornwall Spice Girls Geri Horner, Emma Bunton, Mel B and Mel C step out for first time since announcing reunion... as it's revealed they will bag £2.2 million EACH ... Meanwhile, Victoria Beckham sports a vivid red two-piece as she arrives in Paris while bandmates embark on frenetic promotional tour campaign VIDEO WATCH: TODAY'S TOP SHOWBIZ VIDEOS 1 2 3 Watch video Dame Barbara Windsor gets a standing ovation from theatre-goers at Theatre Royal Watch video Danny John-Jules jokes he signed up for Strictly because of the famous curse Watch video Nadia Sawalha and Carol McGiffin row on Loose Women over 11-year-old girl waxing Watch video Adriana Lima compiles her shows in montage to thank Victoria's Secret & her fans Watch video Model behavior! Your inside look backstage of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Watch video Mel B jokes Victoria will be joining them on stage at Wembley stadium in June Watch video Tegan Martin hangs out with Keira Maguire at Oaks Day Watch video Excited Olly Murs celebrates album release in his underwear Watch video Caroline Flack says she's fine with her not having a baby ahead of 39th birthday Watch video Elsa Hosk is surprised in photoshoot with new 2018 Victoria's Secret fantasy bra Seven drown chasing the European dream: Spanish coast guard drags a lifeless body to the shore as Mediterranean death toll for the year hit 2,000 The harrowing image was taken near the village of Canos de Meca in southern Spain, where seven bodies were pulled from the water after their boat crashed into rocks. It shows a Spanish civil guard officer pulling the dead body up the beach while a colleague watches on with waves gently rolling up the shore. 3 comments 1 video 816 shares Spanish coast guard clears body of Mediterranean migrant from beach Harley Davidson finally reveals its LiveWire electric motorcycle (Three YEARS after Scarlett Johansson rode a prototype in a Marvel movie) The bike, called LiveWire, will go on sale next year - although Milwaukee-based Harley still hasn't said how much it will cost, or long it can go on a single charge. 2 comments 3 videos 4 shares Harley Davidson reveals its first electric motorcycle Shocking moment amateur boxer accidentally sends his friend flying through his living room window head-first This is the shocking moment a boxing match between two friends takes a nasty turn as one of the amateur boxers is sent flying through a glass window. 1 comment 1 video 1 share A young boxer accidentally smashed his friend's head through a window Her Royal (not so) Highness! Fascinating mourning dress worn by a grief-stricken 4ft 8in Queen Victoria following the death of her grandson at 28 goes on display for the first time The mourning outfit (left and right) worn by Queen Victoria following the death of her grandson is set to go on display for the first time at the Museum of London. The black bustle dress, made from crêpe silk and worn by Victoria (inset) after Prince Albert Victor lost his battle with the deadly Russian flu, will be seen in the new exhibition looking at the potential threat caused by any future epidemic.  Her grandson, affectionately known as Prince Eddy, was second in line to the throne when he died at Sandringham at the age of 28 in 1892. His death, while apparently fit and healthy, shocked the nation, and the royal court went into mourning for four months, plunging the 72-year-old queen into a period of mourning. Speaking about the display, curator Roz Sherris revealed that visitors may be surprised at the 4ft 8in queen's petite stature. 'She was very small. I think that is going to surprise a lot of people,' she said. 45 comments 1 video 69 shares Queen Victoria's mourning dress on display for the first time       TOP SPORT STORIES Welbeck sent to hospital after horror ankle injury forced him off on a stretcher His Arsenal team-mates were left distraught by the injury to the striker  Arsenal 0-0 Sporting Lisbon: Gunners advance to Europa League knockout stages despite stalemate SAMI MOKBEL AT THE EMIRATES STADIUM BATE Borisov 0-1 Chelsea: Giroud scores first club goal since May as Sarri's side qualify for knockout stages of Europa League ADAM CRAFTON Fall against Shakhtar that won penalty does not make Sterling a bad guy... he's just a product of the time MARTIN SAMUEL - CHIEF SPORTS WRITER 'I'll send on Rooney before fans head for the tube': Southgate defends selection of former captain ahead of USA friendly MATT LAWTON Jones has got it right by calling on the specialists for All Blacks Test SIR CLIVE WOODWARD: I'm loving Eddie Jones's selection Puma looking to sign up Sterling, Sane and Kompany as kit manufacturer prepares for next season's £50m-a-year kit deal with City Targeting the stars  Usyk gives Bellew chilling warning after stare-down: 'I didn't look in his eyes, I looked at the spot between them' JEFF POWELL previews the bout 'I am not going to be here if it gets to 25 races, that's for sure': Hamilton vows to QUIT Formula One if race calendar is increased Pressure on drivers  Everton banned from signing players aged 10 to 18 and hit with £500k fine after being found guilty of breaking tapping-up rules Punished for tapping-up  PSG launch internal investigation amid allegations of limiting number of black players in their academy Claim scout said there were too many Africans  video Watch Editor's Top Picks... 1 2 3 Watch video Brave keeper play fights with kangaroo at China wildlife park Watch video Biker dragged on floor after wheelie fail Watch video Police van attacked with fireworks Watch video Disgusted flyer films foot picking... Watch video Relaxed raccoon dines from belly Watch video Hilarious moment a dog balanced a bowl full... Watch video Daredevils climb ladder between mountains Watch video Adorable beagle and a goose 'hug' Watch video Supervet Noel stops traffic to rescue swan Watch video Man fights car theft with drink can Watch video An alpaca takes a taxi ride home on a busy... Watch video Retriever expertly catches huge catfish Watch video Dump truck almost smashes into traffic Watch video Humpback hunt in stunning slow-motion Watch video Fireworks fight breaks out on estate Watch video Funny moment orangutan dresses in a sack to... Watch video Yobs launch firework at cyclist Watch video Baby elephant tries to wake sleepy brother Watch video Irate woman destroys neighbour's shrub Watch video Skydivers leaps from mountain without chute Watch video Great Dane hilariously tries to hide stolen... NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Back to top U.K. India U.S. News Sport TV&Showbiz Femail Health Science Money Video Coffee Break Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile App