Skip to content Topics xml:space="preserve"> Subscriber Services Manage Subscription Newsletters EZPay Delivery Issue Subscriber Terms Local Earthquakes Data Desk California Times OC California Journal Education Readers' Representative Journal Local + L.A. Now Politics Essential Washington Essential Politics Elections Business Company Town Autos Michael Hiltzik Consumer Confidential Business + Auto + Nation Politics Nation Now Entertainment Arts & Culture Hero Complex Movies Television Music Gossip Envelope TV Listings Entertainment + Opinion Op-Ed Opinion L.A. Editorials Readers React Top of the Ticket Endorsements Food Jonathan Gold Daily Dish Sports Sports Now Dodgers Lakers USC UCLA Clippers Rams Chargers Boxing & MMA High School Angels Kings Soccer Ducks Olympics MLB NBA NFL More Sports World Afghanistan & Pakistan Africa Asia Brazil Europe Mexico & The Americas Middle East Obituaries Real Estate Hot Property California Living Fashion Health & Wellness L.A. Affairs Pets Home & Garden Books Health + Living + Technology Science Science Now Travel Cruises Mexico & Latin America Theme Parks Travel News & Deals Travel + Visuals Graphics L.A. Times en Español Sabor EEUU Entretenimiento Internacional México Política Vida y Estilo Deportes E-Newspaper Design LA Extras Find/Post a job Games Comics Shop Los Angeles Times Archives Los Angeles Times Store Los Angeles Times Photos Our Dishonest President Book Local Ads Marketplace Local Listings Booking.com Travel Offers About Press Releases Staff Directory Giving Search xml:space="preserve"> Local Politics Sports Entertainment Opinion Place an ad November 08, 2018 66°F TRENDING TOPICS: Thousand Oaks shooting Election results Jim Acosta DACA Camp Fire Hill fire Advertisement Borderline Shooting Thousand Oaks shooting leaves 13 people dead, including gunman, and 18 injured A gunman who killed 12 people at a Thousand Oaks bar was a former U.S. Marine who may have been suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, the Ventura County sheriff said. • Video: Mayor Eric Garcetti responds to shooting • Gov.-elect Gavin Newsom criticizes gun rights advocates in remarks after shooting Mental health experts declined to commit Thousand Oaks gunman Ian David Long after April disturbance By Soumya Karlamangla 3h • Video: Emotional interview with father of victim: 'I am speechless and heartbroken' After Thousand Oaks shooting, picture emerges of a troubled ex-Marine known to authorities By Ruben Vives , Matt Hamilton  and Eric Sondheimer 13m • Thousand Oaks gunman used an extended magazine. Whether it was illegal depends on how many rounds it held Sheriff’s sergeant called wife, then rushed into shooting scene. ‘He died a hero’ By Brittny Mejia , Sean Greene , Rong-Gong Lin II  and Benjamin Oreskes 12:40 PM • A sheriff's procession brings emotions as a worried parent urges change After Thousand Oaks tragedy, Cal Lutheran University cancels performances of Columbine-centric play By Ashley Lee 4h • Sisters finally reunited after horror inside the Borderline bar California wildfires Large fires threaten Ventura County communities; 101 Freeway closed, more than 1,000 homes evacuated 'Mass devastation' as fire destroys at least 1,000 structures in Northern California town of Paradise Advertisement California leads the nation in mass shooting fatalities How to donate blood and support victims of the Thousand Oaks shooting Here’s a list of vigils planned for victims of the shooting in Thousand Oaks Readers react: Living with the constant fear of mass shootings is not freedom EVENING REPORT Bel-Air residents accuse city of abetting illegal mega-mansion construction Satanic Temple sues over goat-headed deity's portrayal in Netflix's 'Chilling Adventures of Sabrina' White House, amid outcry, stands by edited video of CNN reporter to justify barring him Uber fined $750,000 for letting drivers work after customers complained of drunk driving OTHER TOP STORIES Rep. Linda Sanchez abandons leadership bid after her husband is indicted on theft charges By Sarah D. Wire 3h GOP Reps. Rohrabacher and Walters lose ground in California House races in latest ballot count By Michael Finnegan  and Maya Sweedler 1h L.A. Unified apologizes for keeping mum about armed man who tried to lure middle school girls off campus By Howard Blume 3h VOICES Op-Ed I never imagined I’d say it: Jeff Sessions deserves our admiration By Erwin Chemerinsky 11:05 AM If our partisan Supreme Court terrifies you, fixed terms for justices is a safer bet than than #RibsForRuth As polarized as Americans are, they agree on this: Gerrymandering is wrong Blue wave or no, Trumpism lives on. And it continues to be America's loudest voice FDA expected to impose severe restrictions on e-cigarettes California’s rent control initiative was crushed in the election. Don't expect the issue to go away Is the debate over Obamacare finally over? Election delivers powerful validation of the embattled law Most Popular 1. L.A. Now Large fires threaten Ventura County communities; 101 Freeway closed, more than 1,000 homes evacuated 33m 2. Local 'Mass devastation' as fire destroys at least 1,000 structures in Northern California town of Paradise 1h 3. L.A. Now Thousand Oaks shooting leaves 13 people dead, including gunman, and 18 injured 4h 4. L.A. Now Thousand Oaks shooting victims: Portraits of the fallen 48m 5. L.A. Now After Thousand Oaks shooting, picture emerges of a troubled ex-Marine known to authorities 13m 6. Politics GOP Reps. Rohrabacher and Walters lose ground in California House races in latest ballot count 1h Movies Zoe Kravitz loves her 'Fantastic Beasts' role but is fed up with Hollywood tokenism • Review: 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' is one great big Dumble-snore • Chris Pine stars in the ripsnorting Netflix epic 'Outlaw King' Advertisement Around California After Thousand Oaks shooting, picture emerges of a troubled ex-Marine known to authorities 13m Large fires threaten Ventura County communities; 101 Freeway closed, more than 1,000 homes evacuated 33m Thousand Oaks shooting victims: Portraits of the fallen 48m 'Mass devastation' as fire destroys at least 1,000 structures in Northern California town of Paradise 1h Thousand Oaks gunman used an extended magazine. Whether it was illegal depends on how many rounds it held 1h Bel-Air residents accuse city of abetting illegal mega-mansion construction 2h Mental health experts declined to commit Thousand Oaks gunman Ian David Long after April disturbance 3h must reads World Saving giant pandas: China launches a make-or-break experiment to prevent the animals' extinction Nov 5, 2018 Nation In the Deep South, residents of an upscale suburb fight to secede from their neighbors Nov 4, 2018 Science Now Scientists may have found the key ingredient for a universal flu vaccine, and it comes from llamas Nov 2, 2018 Travel Haunted in an Irish Castle Oct 28, 2018 L.A. Now National Park Service cancels controlled burn near Earth's largest tree Oct 23, 2018 Travel On Hawaii Island, nature nurtures guests at an unusual inn Oct 21, 2018 L.A. Now A simple earthquake flaw can invite financial catastrophe. Most California homeowners ignore it Oct 18, 2018 Politics Men have done it since the founding fathers. Now female vets are hoping to parlay military service into politics Oct 17, 2018 World Screened at the border, Canadians who are honest about using marijuana could be banned from the U.S. Oct 15, 2018 World 'I want this day to heal me': For thousands, the canonization of Oscar Romero was deeply personal Oct 14, 2018 USC From starring for USC football to dying while wandering through traffic on a freeway, what happened to Kevin Ellison? Oct 13, 2018 Nation Does Harvard discriminate against Asians? In a case that could upend college admissions, the Ivy League goes on trial Oct 12, 2018 Science Now So many people have had their DNA sequenced that they've put other people's privacy in jeopardy Oct 12, 2018 Books Who started the 1986 fire at the Los Angeles Library? Susan Orlean investigates in her new book Oct 11, 2018 World Spain is still divided over the legacy of its former dictator. But will exhuming his body help the country heal? Oct 11, 2018 Advertisement The Envelope Live is the only resource you need for FYC season. Attend screenings, talks, roundtables and insider events with the industry’s most important players. RSVP for a free screening With an itinerary that balances time relaxing with time exploring, take a holistic approach to what it means to be “well” in Iceland — from the famous saunas to the food to the chance to be out in the fresh air surrounded by the country’s striking natural beauty. View trip Experience the nation's capital as the ultimate insider, visiting D.C.'s most iconic sites, exploring the city's favorite haunts to see where the deals are made, and gaining a broader insight into the intricacies of the U.S. political system from California's perspective. View trip Meticulously maintained and restored, these classic cars are the epitome of the Cuban spirit, resourcefulness and the ability to turn utility into art. Join the L.A. Times on a unique expedition. View trip You deserve the truth, and we are here to fight for you. ENTERTAINMENT Arts & Culture Review: 'King Kong,' a giant animatronic ape with soulful eyes, crashes down on Broadway By Charles McNulty 1h Weekend Picks for Nov. 8-11: Four Larks, Mikhailovsky Ballet and more 3h Review: Ingmar Bergman documentary covers the Swedish director's genius, quirks and faults 3h After Thousand Oaks tragedy, Cal Lutheran University cancels performances of Columbine-centric play 4h Review: Thanksgiving shenanigans set the table for the frantic and warm coming-out comedy 'Lez Bomb' 5h How Daniel Barenboim's orchestra of Israeli and Arab musicians is faring in the current political climate 1:55 PM LOCAL Large fires threaten Ventura County communities; 101 Freeway closed, more than 1,000 homes evacuated 33m Thousand Oaks shooting victims: Portraits of the fallen 48m 'Mass devastation' as fire destroys at least 1,000 structures in Northern California town of Paradise 1h Thousand Oaks gunman used an extended magazine. Whether it was illegal depends on how many rounds it held 1h After Thousand Oaks shooting, picture emerges of a troubled ex-Marine known to authorities 2h Advertisement SPORTS Sports Now Sports figures honor victims of Thousand Oaks shooting By Christian Orozco 28m Adapting to different dynamics has been a challenge for USC freshman quarterback JT Daniels 48m Lakers' LeBron James and Kyle Kuzma have made a big connection on the court 1h No kidding, Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers made his NFL dreams come true 1h After inconsistent rookie season, Chargers' Michael Davis found a way to wrestle away starting cornerback spot 1h Dodgers' apparent payroll plan sends bad message to fans 2h POLITICS Politics GOP Reps. Rohrabacher and Walters lose ground in California House races in latest ballot count By Michael Finnegan  and Maya Sweedler 1h House Democrats rally to protect Mueller after Sessions' ouster 2h Trump moves to sharply restrict asylum, as major immigration issues head toward Supreme Court 2h Rep. Linda Sanchez abandons leadership bid after her husband is indicted on theft charges 3h Gov.-elect Gavin Newsom criticizes gun rights advocates in remarks after Thousand Oaks shooting 4h Is the debate over Obamacare finally over? Election delivers powerful validation of the embattled law 1:50 PM NATION & WORLD Nation Here's how a controversial voting system will decide a congressional race in Maine By Kurtis Lee 3h Party of Mexico's president-elect wants to legalize marijuana 5h Interpol: Rules forbid probe into disappearance of group's own president in China 5h Civilian casualties likely to mount in Yemen, rights groups warn 1:00 PM Missouri tour boat captain indicted after sinking kills 17 10:45 AM Acting Atty. Gen. Matt Whitaker said to have no plans to recuse himself from Russia probe 10:10 AM OPINION Opinion If our partisan Supreme Court terrifies you, fixed terms for justices is a safer bet than than #RibsForRuth By Michael McGough 4h As polarized as Americans are, they agree on this: Gerrymandering is wrong 4h Trump loses — again — on DACA. Democrats should hit him with a humane immigration bill 1:32 PM Jeff Sessions’ firing proves once again that Trump is loyal only to himself 12:30 PM Living with the constant fear of mass shootings is not freedom 12:00 PM I never imagined I’d say it: Jeff Sessions deserves our admiration 11:05 AM BUSINESS Company Town Satanic Temple sues over goat-headed deity's portrayal in Netflix's 'Chilling Adventures of Sabrina' By Wendy Lee 1h Uber fined $750,000 for letting drivers work after customers complained of drunk driving 2h After worker protest, Google stops requiring arbitration in sexual misconduct cases 4h Disney pulls back the curtain on its streaming service — a little bit — announcing new 'Star Wars' and Marvel shows 4h Planes galore at Google's new Spruce Goose hangar office 4h Massive real estate scam based in Irvine bilked people out of $100 million, FTC alleges 4h TRAVEL Hawaii & the South Pacific Pearl Harbor’s USS Arizona Memorial will reopen in March By Catharine Hamm 11:20 AM Saddle up on a weekend escape to a historic Arizona guest ranch 5:00 AM Escapes: A golden time for the Golden State as a wave of beachside bargains rolls in 5:00 AM Top chefs and local food will shine during Restaurant Week Hawaii on Oahu 4:00 AM Mammoth Mountain delays opening from Thursday to Saturday with an assist from chillier weather 4:00 AM Elite Delta flier reportedly sits in feces on flight, gets an apology and 50,000 miles Nov 7, 2018 CALIFORNIA LIFE & STYLE Fashion Michael Kors fetes 'Ambassador Hudson,' and Gladys Knight enlists some 'Pips' to fight global hunger By Adam Tschorn 3h FDA expected to impose severe restrictions on e-cigarettes 3h In praise of pumpkin in a can 12:25 PM Hippos and dinosaurs but no windows at this new luxury clothes market in Los Angeles Arts District 10:25 AM I gave up on turkey at Thanksgiving and built an American melting-pot meal instead 9:30 AM Thanksgiving just got a lot easier: Bake the meal in sheet pans 9:00 AM Advertisement Sign up for our newsletters Subscribe for unlimited access About/Contact Archives Classifieds Terms Site map Advertising Corrections Privacy policy L.A. Times