News Nightly News Meet the Press Dateline MSNBC TODAY Search Sponsored by The Vote U.S. News Business World Tech & Media THINK Sports Share this — Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP Thousand Oaks shooting 'Nothing ever happens here': Bar shooting stuns idyllic California city Richard Vogel / AP 'Speechless and heartbroken' Victims of Thousand Oaks shooting were full of hope and heroism Mark J. Terrill / AP 'stay in your lane' NRA opens social media war with doctors over guns 'patently unlawful' Trump administration publishes rule restricting asylum seekers Midterms 2018 Florida Gov. sues counties, accuses 'unethical liberals' of trying to steal election 'hard thinking' Progressives' plan for victory took a gut-punch. Now what do they do? Opinion How Matthew Whitaker's surprise promotion will help Trump stop Mueller Midterms 2018 House Dems' keys to victory: Suburbs, money and fired-up women college grads Top Stories Latest Stories NBC News U.S. news There have been a dozen mass shootings in the U.S. since Pittsburgh Stephen Lam / Reuters Camp Fire Wildfire chars more than 18,000 acres in rural Northern California Opinion The last doctors: How the Santa Fe shooting changed life for those who deal with death every day For three women at the Galveston County Medical Examiner’s Office, keeping professional and personal lives separate is essential. But after the school shooting they struggle to keep those divisions. Gabby Jones / Bloomberg via Getty Images file Health news FDA moving to limit sales of flavored e-cigs in convenience stores Dia Dipasupil / Getty Images Media Diego Luna is set to star in new 'Star Wars' spinoff series Left Field Chicago reverend's plan to build for the future Randy Holmes / ABC Opinion Why late-night hosts have become some of 2018's best political analysts AP Sports Wally Triplett, trailblazing NFL player, dies at 92 California mass shooting Mike Nelson / EPA U.S. news 12 killed in mass shooting during California bar's college night David McNew / Getty Images U.S. news What we know about the massacre at Borderline Bar and Grill Ringo Chiu / Reuters U.S. news Suspect in California bar shooting identified as 28-year-old former Marine Ringo Chiu / Reuters U.S. news California cop died following a growing police strategy: Stop the shooter at all costs TOP VIDEO NBC News Signal - November 8th, 201826:20 NBC News Signal - November 8th, 2018NBC News Signal - November 8th, 2018NBC News Signal - November 8th, 2018 26:20 Sergeant killed in California mass shooting hailed a heroSergeant killed in California mass shooting hailed a heroSergeant killed in California mass shooting hailed a hero 01:32 Man and stepson describe surviving mass shooting at California barMan and stepson describe surviving mass shooting at California barMan and stepson describe surviving mass shooting at California bar 01:59 What we know about the suspected gunman in California mass shootingWhat we know about the suspected gunman in California mass shootingWhat we know about the suspected gunman in California mass shooting 01:21 Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg hospitalized with three broken ribsSupreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg hospitalized with three brok...Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg hospitalized with three broken ribs 00:50 U.S. News Top news from around the country U.S. news After losing election, Texas judge releases several juvenile defendants Crime & Courts No love for 'El Chapo' — judge rules against drug lord's request to hug wife Health news More U.S. adults and kids are doing yoga, meditating Health Care Salmonella in raw turkey kills 1, sickens 164, CDC says Crime & Courts Whitey Bulger's funeral held in South Boston More Politics Midterms 2018 Dems make more House gains as key tight races are called Trump Effect CNN accuses Sarah Sanders of sharing 'doctored' Acosta video Who is the Acting AG? Matthew Whitaker has a tangled history with Mueller probe Midterms 2018 Your new Congress will look more like America than ever Midterms 2018 State by state: See the full midterm election results More Sports Sports Wally Triplett, trailblazing NFL player, dies at 92 Sports Steelers holdout Le'Veon Bell 'not apologizing for what I believe is right' Sports There's a new No. 1 in the PFT Power Rankings Sports What's wrong with the Penguins? Sports Bill James: Baseball's beer vendors are as important as players More Think Sharply argued analysis & opinion Marcie BiancoAn Elliot Rodger wannabe shot two women to death — and it's already old news How Matthew Whitaker's surprise promotion will help Trump stop Mueller For the last doctors of the Santa Fe school shooting, the world has moved on — but they haven't These five Trump Cabinet officials will be first to feel House Democrats' wrath Why late-night comedians have become some of 2018's best political analysts More Mach How science and technology are transforming our lives. The Big Questions Will humanity survive this century? Famed astronomer predicts 'a bumpy ride' ahead Space What causes the phases of the moon? Environment Earth's ozone layer is finally healing, UN says mach 'A bumpy ride ahead': Astronomer Martin Rees on humanity's chance of surviving the 21st century Weird Science The search for alien life in Nevada More Better Simple ways to change your life at work and at home. One Small Thing How to transform your anxious thoughts into productive actions TV Entrepreneur Daymond John: This is what mentorship should look like Money Why we spend money on things we shouldn't (and how to break the cycle) One Small Thing Nutritionist-approved comfort foods that actually taste good Diet & Fitness How to squeeze in a workout while you're making dinner More Your Ultimate Holiday Gift Guide Style The list is out! Here are all our favorite things from Oprah's Favorite Things Parents The best gifts for 11-year-olds, according to adults who know them Style 13 of Kathie Lee and Hoda's favorite things for the holiday season Health 16 holiday gifts your fitness-obsessed friends will want this year Home 21 home decor gifts for the aspiring interior designer in your life Parents The best toys for children with special needs, according to a behavior expert Style 26 holiday gift ideas for every amazing guy in your life Parents An adult unicorn onesie and 29 other hilarious white elephant gifts Business, Tech & Media Tech & Media The 'Wild West' no longer: House Dems eye Silicon Valley crackdown Markets Fed holds rates steady, sees economy on track Business News Why a divided Congress provides more investment opportunities for Wall Street Tech & Media Disney reveals the name of its Netflix competitor TV Entrepreneur Daymond John: This is what mentorship should look like More World World Prince Charles: I won't be a 'meddling' monarch if I become king Europe Art installation represents 72,396 missing victims of WWI battle World Prices rose 833,997 percent in Venezuela over the past year News Emma Thompson asks Prince William for kiss at damehood ceremony In Focus The Week in Pictures: Nov. 1 - 8 More Health Health news NRA opens social media war with doctors over guns Health news STEM wins big in Congress Health news FDA moving to limit sales of flavored e-cigs in convenience stores Health Care Salmonella in raw turkey kills 1, sickens 164, CDC says Heart Health Hypertension before 40 linked to early heart disease More unknown Local news around you We apologize, we were unable to find your local news. Please try another location. See local affiliates In Focus In Focus Scenes of grief, shock at site of California bar shooting Immigration Fact check: Are Dems the 'party of crime' as Trump claims? Opinion Mary Lambert gets candid about poetry, trauma and being a child of incest A Better Way How to organize your drawers with Marie Kondo Left Field Chicago reverend's plan to build for the future More About Contact Careers Privacy policy Terms of Service SiteMap Advertise AdChoices © 2018 NBC UNIVERSAL feedback The page design helps me understand the newsnoyes The page design helps me find the content I’m interested innoyes Rate your overall experience12345 How can we improve this page? Wa