Sections SEARCH Skip to contentSkip to site index English Español 中文 (Chinese) Subscribe Log In Log In Today’s Paper World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate Video World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate Video Your Friday Briefing Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Listen to ‘The Daily’ Why President Trump is firing Jeff Sessions now. In the ‘Climate Fwd:’ Newsletter What the midterms mean for climate change. Gunman Kills 12 at Country Music Bar, a Year After Las Vegas Wearing dark clothing, a gunman set off smoke bombs and opened fire into the crowded venue in Thousand Oaks, Calif. The authorities said the gunman, Ian D. Long, 28, was found dead at the scene. A sheriff’s deputy was among the victims. The bar had become a place of solace for dozens of survivors of the 2017 Las Vegas massacre. As people raced for safety, many of them thought: Not again. A procession for Sgt. Ron Helus left Los Robles Regional Medical Center in Thousand Oaks, Calif., on Thursday. Jenna Schoenefeld for The New York Times Police Sergeant and Aspiring Soldier Were Among the Slain These are the stories of some of the victims, including a sheriff’s deputy who rushed in and a 22-year-old who was planning to join the Army. Thirty years ago, California became the first state to ban assault rifles. Its gun regulations have grown only stricter. Justice Department Acting Attorney General Once Declared Courts ‘the Inferior Branch’ The newly installed head of the Justice Department, Matthew G. Whitaker, also criticized the Supreme Court’s power to review legislative and executive acts. In a Q. and A. in 2014, Mr. Whitaker espoused views that a constitutional scholar called “internally contradictory” and “ignorant.” Matthew G. Whitaker, former chief of staff to Jeff Sessions before Mr. Sessions was fired this week as attorney general, has taken over as acting attorney general. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Sessions Curtails Justice Dept.’s Ability to Initiate Police Overhauls In a major last-minute act before he was fired, former Attorney General Jeff Sessions sharply limited court-enforced deals used to fight police abuses. Mr. Whitaker served on the board of a company accused of scamming customers out of millions of dollars. Immigration Trump Claims Power to Deny Asylum for Immigrants Who Enter Illegally Officials said the new rules would take effect Friday, when President Trump plans to declare an emergency at the border. It is widely expected that Mr. Trump intends to deny asylum to members of Central American nations, some of whom are marching toward the U.S. in a caravan. ‘Dreamers’ Win Round in the Legal Battle to Keep DACA A court upheld an injunction barring the administration from ending the program that protects young people who were brought into the U.S. illegally. election aftermath Voters in Florida and Georgia Still Wonder Who Won The two states’ races for governor and Florida’s Senate race hung in the balance, and the stress was palpable for politicians and voters alike. Officials were still counting absentee, provisional and overseas ballots, and the partisan camps were disputing how to go about it. Supporters of Senator Bill Nelson on election night. Florida’s races for Senate and governor still hang in the balance. Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images Brian Kemp resigned as Georgia’s secretary of state, removing himself from determining if he was elected governor. Gretchen Whitmer, who won the Michigan governor’s race, was not one of the new Democratic stars. Now she is. From 5,000 Feet to Shattered in Seconds: What Caused a Jet’s Fatal Plunge? The final moments of Lion Air Flight 610 as it hurtled from a calm Indonesian sky into the sea on Oct. 29 would have been terrifying but swift. What appears to have been a perfect storm of problems may have left the pilots with an insurmountable challenge, investigators have found. Genetic Analyses Reveal Mysteries of Prehistoric Migration to America New findings lend astonishing detail to a story once lost to prehistory: how and when humans spread across the Western Hemisphere. Until recently, geneticists could offer little insight into these vast migrations. But researchers have now recovered the genomes of 229 ancient people. Excavation of a skeleton approximately 9,600 years old in a rock shelter in Brazil. New DNA analyses show the earliest known Americans split into distinct groups after they crossed a land bridge from Asia. André Strauss Opinion The Editorial Board Trump Said He Wants Tougher Gun Laws. Can a New Congress Help Get Them? The Thousand Oaks shooting is just the latest impetus to pass gun safety measures. Tom Steyer Why Democrats Must Impeach the President They won the House by promising to hold Trump accountable. Neal K. Katyal and George T. Conway III Trump’s Appointment of the Acting Attorney General Is Unconstitutional Tiya Miles An Olive Branch in Montana Roxane Gay Please Be Shocked by the Thousand Oaks Shooting Nicholas Kristof, Sahil Chinoy and Jessia Ma How the N.R.A. Builds Loyalty and Fanaticism Harry Litman Congress Can Issue Subpoenas. Will They Matter? Paul Krugman Real America Versus Senate America David Brooks What the Working Class Is Still Trying to Tell Us Bret Stephens The Midterm Results Are a Warning to the Democrats Kara Swisher After Paying Off Men Accused of Sexual Harassment, Google Says It Will Meet Many of the Protesters’ Demands Editors’ Picks Getty Images How to Control a Celebrity Like a Puppet The internet has given fans the tools to pull celebrities’ strings. Episode 9 of “Internetting,” our video series, asks: How creepy can we get? Arts Reimagining Norman Rockwell’s America Seventy-five years after the artist’s “Four Freedoms” series, a number of artists are reinterpreting it to include today’s more diverse culture. Arts On ‘The Tattooist of Auschwitz’ and History in Historical Fiction Most readers haven’t been worried by omitted details or factual mistakes. But is there a greater imperative for Holocaust novels to get basic facts correct? Books We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.Let us know what you think Site Index news home page world U.S. politics New York business tech science climate sports obituaries the upshot today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials op-ed Contributors letters sunday review video: opinion arts today's arts art & design books dance movies music television theater watching video: arts living automobiles crossword food Cooking education style health jobs magazine real estate t magazine travel weddings listings & more Reader Center Wirecutter The Learning Network tools & services N.Y.C. events guide multimedia photography video NYT store times journeys manage my account news home page world U.S. politics New York business tech science climate sports obituaries the upshot today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials op-ed Contributors letters sunday review video: opinion arts today's arts art & design books dance movies music television theater watching video: arts living automobiles crossword food Cooking education style health jobs magazine real estate t magazine travel weddings more Reader Center Wirecutter The Learning Network tools & services N.Y.C. events guide multimedia photography video NYT store times journeys manage my account Subscribe home delivery digital subscriptions Crossword Cooking email newsletters corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition Site Information Navigation © 2018 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work with us Advertise 