X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks Bonds India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Stock Screener Fund Screener India Top News India Insight Budget 2018 Monsoon Top News Video Elections World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States BJP turns up Hindu nationalist heat with renamings, statue plan By Krishna N. Das From getting rid of some Muslim names of places to promising a "grand" Ram statue, Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party is making passionate appeals to its hard-core Hindu nationalist base in Uttar Pradesh ahead of a national election next year. Asia stocks pull back from one-month high as Fed tempers rally 8:22am IST Ex-Marine apparently acted alone in California bar shooting - FBI 9:10am IST North Korea postponed U.S. talks because 'they weren't ready' - Haley 8:18am IST Fed leaves rates unchanged, says U.S. economy strong 2:36am IST THE WIRE 11m ago Dozens of Rohingya flee camps by boat, reviving memories of 2015 tragedy 13m ago Hong Kong bars British editor from entering city following visa ban 22m ago Ex-Marine apparently acted alone in California bar shooting - FBI 27m ago Global LNG: Asian prices reverse declining trend on Japanese demand 36m ago Coke's coffers crammed with kina as dollar crunch hits Papua New Guinea 48m ago Oil prices down 20 percent in a month as fundamentals weaken 52m ago U.S. court case tests Special Counsel Mueller's power, status 57m ago Recounts, runoffs loom over high-profile elections in Florida, Georgia 59m ago Key Democratic lawmaker may invite bank CEOs to testify before U.S. Congress 1h ago California wildfire destroys homes, hospital; deaths reported 1h ago U.S., Mexico, Canada ministers to sign trade pact Nov. 30, official says 1h ago U.S. concerned about Ebola outbreak in Congo conflict zone - official 1h ago Asia stocks pull back from one-month high as Fed tempers rally 1h ago Asia stocks pull back from one-month high as Fed tempers rally 1h ago Factbox: The knowns and unknowns of U.S. Iran oil sanction waivers 1h ago North Korea postponed U.S. talks because 'they weren't ready' - Haley 1h ago U.S. Democrats seek hearings on Trump's ouster of Sessions 1h ago Magnitude 6.8 quake hits off Greenland - USGS 1h ago Soccer: Arsenal and Chelsea through to Europa last 32, Marseille out 2h ago China's producer inflation slows again in October on ebbing domestic demand Featured Markets Live Market Jockey Vipin Das M brings you a live stream of data from India's stock and currency markets and the latest economic news from India and around the world. Bollywood Film Review: Thugs of Hindostan By Shilpa Jamkhandikar Vijay Krishna Acharya's new fantasy adventure film was supposed to be a traditional Diwali money-spinner, and Bollywood’s answer to “Baahubali” and Hollywood franchise blockbusters like “Pirates of the Caribbean”. Unfortunately, it ends up as a testament to the lack of originality in Bollywood. WIDER IMAGE Central American migrants trek north to seek a better life Technology How Apple is losing grip on India By Arnab Paul and Vibhuti Sharma Editor's Picks Virat Kohli draws flak for 'leave India' remark Greece's 'red gold' Smog season in India More Top News U.S. imposes new sanctions on Russia for Crimea, investments The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on two Ukrainians, a Russian officer and nine entities for Moscow's annexation of Crimea and profiting from the occupation, the U.S. Treasury said. 6:15am IST Hong Kong bars British editor from entering city following visa ban Hong Kong barred the Asia news editor of the Financial Times from entering the city as a visitor, the newspaper said, after authorities refused to renew his work visa in October, raising questions about the city's commitment to free speech. 9:18am IST Recounts, runoffs loom over high-profile elections in Florida, Georgia High-profile U.S. elections in Georgia, Florida and Arizona remained unresolved on Thursday, two days after the vote, with the prospect of legal challenges, recounts and ballot reviews setting the stage for possible weeks of uncertainty. 8:35am IST California wildfire destroys homes, hospital; deaths reported A fast-moving wildfire roared through a Northern California town on Thursday, with deaths reported as it burned a hospital, hundreds of homes and sent tens of thousands of people fleeing flames in cars and on foot, authorities said. 8:31am IST Frail Mikhail Gorbachev warns against return to the Cold War Mikhail Gorbachev, the last Soviet leader, warned on Thursday against rising tensions between Russia and the United States and said there should be no return to the Cold War. 2:45am IST Soccer: Arsenal and Chelsea through to Europa last 32, Marseille out Arsenal and Chelsea were among seven teams to reach the Europa League knockout stage on Thursday, while last year's runners-up Olympique de Marseille were eliminated at the group phase. 8:04am IST Markets STOCKS BONDS CURRENCIES COMMODITIES SENSEX » 35,258.13 +0.06% NIFTY50 » 10,570.10 -0.27% S&P » 2,806.83 -0.25% Nikkei 225 » 22,269.70 -0.97% Name Yield Change IN 10 YR +7.777 9:29am IST -0.019 US 10YR +3.228 7:29am IST -0.004 JP 10YR +0.124 7:14am IST -0.001 9:31am IST Name INR USD EUR INR 1 72.7375 82.5130 USD 0.0137 1 1.1344 EUR 0.0121 0.8813 1 Index Last Chg Gold 1,222.90 USD 5:31am IST +0.00 Exp: Nov 18 Copper 2.73 USD 10:30am IST -0.01 Exp: Nov 18 Brent Crude 70.73 USD 5:30am IST +0.08 Exp: Nov 18 Sponsored Content Reuters Video 02:41 U.S. Senate and governor races could see recounts High-profile U.S. electoral races in Georgia, Florida and Arizona remained unresolved on Thursday, two days after the vote, with the prospect of legal challenges, recounts and ballot reviews setting the stage for possible weeks of uncertainty. 01:40 Samsung unveils much-hyped foldable phone 01:28 As victims' are identified, questions on motive remain 01:35 Pakistani Christian Asia Bibi freed from prison 02:00 Trump fires attorney general Sessions Business Oil prices down 20 percent in a month as fundamentals weaken Japanese firms see U.S. trade talks boosting exports despite Trump rhetoric Jaitley says Mastercard, Visa losing out to local players in India Sports Cricket: India captain Kohli draws flak for 'leave India' remark Motor racing: Bottas will have to win on his own merits, says Hamilton Arsenal's Welbeck taken to hospital with 'serious injury' World Trump administration moves to curb migrants' asylum claims Chance of no-deal Brexit holds firm at one-in-four as clock ticks - Reuters poll U.S. ambassador expects 'frank' exchanges in China dialogue on Friday Technology Google hears protesters, changes sexual harassment policies Volkswagen plans to sell electric Tesla rival for less than $23,000 -source U.S. accuses China accused of violating bilateral anti-hacking agreement Economy U.S. weekly jobless claims fall slightly in latest week Japan machinery orders hit by worst-ever slump in Sept, raise capex doubts Analysis: Iran's economy to suffer but likely ride out US sanctions storm South Asia U.S. peace envoy to visit Afghanistan, Qatar, Pakistan, UAE Bangladesh's PM Hasina to seek re-election Dec. 23 Insight: Behind Sri Lanka's turmoil, a China-India struggle for investments and influence Have a news tip? Reuters provides several ways to securely and confidentially share information and materials with our journalists. LEARN MORE ›› Reuters Pictures 8:45am IST Photos of the week Editors Choice Pictures Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Advertise with Us | Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers | Reuters Editorial Leadership Reuters, the news and media division of Thomson Reuters, is the world’s largest international multimedia news provider reaching more than one billion people every day. Reuters provides trusted business, financial, national, and international news to professionals via Thomson Reuters desktops, the world's media organizations, and directly to consumers at Reuters.com and via Reuters TV. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guide