Sections Home Politics Opinions Sports Local National World Business Tech Lifestyle Entertainment Video Jobs Classifieds WP BrandStudio Democracy Dies in Darkness Try 1 month for $1 Username Sign In Account and Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account and Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk November 8, 2018 Nov. 8, 2018 Democracy Dies in Darkness Edition: U.S. & World | Regional In the News Justice Ginsburg Thousand Oaks Jim Acosta Texas judge Female voters Stacey Abrams Rep. Lewis Karen Handel Camp Fire Alabama fan Bill Belichick Bryce Harper ‘Like hell’: Another mass shooting in another public place claims 12 lives in Calif. Scenes after the attack Madison Fuller watches from an overpass as a procession for Sgt. Ron Helus travels on Ventura highway 101 in Thousand Oaks, Calif. (Reuters) Scenes after the attack People comfort each other at the family reunification center located in the Alex Fiore Thousand Oaks teen center. (Philip Cheung for The Post) Scenes after the attack An FBI agent talks to a potential witness in the immediate aftermath of the shooting at the Borderline Bar & Grill. (AP) Being young in America during an age of massacres means that when the gunfire starts, everyone knows what to do, in the way that past generations knew how to hide from tornadoes or nuclear bombs. By Katie Zezima, Mark Berman and David A. Fahrenthold 2 hours ago The lives lost in the California bar shooting Deaths of guard and sheriff’s deputy in latest mass shooting fuel debate over active-shooter defenses The massacre, along with others like it in recent months, shows how difficult devising an effective strategy to head off an attack can be — and the exceptionally high cost it can exact on those on the front lines. By Justin Jouvenal and Alex Horton 2 hours ago Thousand Oaks gunman had ‘several contacts’ with police over the years Social media hails bar customer who helped rescue dozens New acting attorney general once promoted a company accused of deceiving clients Former customers of World Patent Marketing expressed dismay at Matthew G. Whitaker’s appointment to lead the Justice Department for now. By Carol D. Leonnig, Rosalind S. Helderman and Robert O'Harrow Jr. 1 hour ago McConnell: There isn’t ‘any chance’ Trump will stop Mueller probe ‘The whole place was in flames’: Residents flee as Camp Fire tears through California towns Evacuation routes were clogged with people attempting to flee the growing blaze, and first responders expressed concern about whether they could escape. By Eli Rosenberg and Jason Samenow 1 hour ago (Colton Percifield) Sarah Sanders promotes altered video of CNN’s Jim Acosta, sparking allegations of visual propaganda The White House defends its decision to revoke the correspondent’s credentials as critics detect manipulation in the video of an incident during a news conference. By Paul Farhi 3 hours ago The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for $1 Opinions Opinions Matthew Whitaker is a crackpot By Ruth Marcus How the GOP might win in 2020 By Henry Olsen Democratic legitimacy is on the line in Georgia By Edward B. Foley The NRA wants us to talk about mental health over guns. Here’s why it’s wrong. By Elizabeth Bruenig The Kavanaugh debacle cost the Democrats the Senate By Marc A. Thiessen Voters sent a message in the midterms: Enough is enough on guns Editorial Board More Top Stories More Top Stories In revealing new memoir, Michelle Obama candidly shares her story The former first lady doles out life lessons and tackles tough topics — including how she feels about President Trump, who she believes put her family’s safety at risk with his vehement promotion of the false birther conspiracy theory about Barack Obama. By Krissah Thompson 1 hour ago Election 2018 Democratic candidates in Florida pull into recount range as state again is epicenter of post-election fight over ballots Republicans maintain a narrowing lead in the U.S. Senate and governor’s races as votes continue to be counted. By Michael Scherer 7 hours ago Kemp’s lead over Abrams narrows amid voting complaints in Georgia governor’s race The Debrief ‘The guardrails are off’: Trump takes aggressive moves he resisted before elections The president quickly forced out his attorney general and has signaled that more is to come. By Philip Rucker 5 hours ago MORE ELECTION RESULTS House Senate Governor Critic’s Notebook Stacey Abrams, a sea-blue dress and the politics of appearance How the Georgia gubernatorial candidate stood in for an invisible demographic — and buried our trite notions of “relatability.” By Robin Givhan 17 hours ago FDA plans severe restrictions on sales of e-cigarettes Alarmed by a huge increase in vaping among young people, Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb is expected to announce a ban on the sale of most e-cigarettes in convenience stores and gas stations, agency officials said. By Laurie McGinley 5 hours ago Politicians’ sex lives used to be off limits. One scandal changed it all. Something was altered for good, and perhaps for very bad, in a single day in May 1987, says filmmaker Jason Reitman, whose upcoming movie “The Front Runner” explores the moment involving onetime presidential hopeful Gary Hart. By Paul Farhi 3 hours ago Trump administration tightens immigration asylum rules as caravans move toward U.S. Attempts to deny asylum are unlawful, say immigrant advocates preparing legal challenges. By Nick Miroff 4 hours ago Trump can’t immediately end DACA, appeals court panel says, setting up Supreme Court fight Pelosi’s Democratic opponents scramble to organize the resistance Previous attempts to oust the longtime party leader have failed. Now her critics are counting on a crop of incoming lawmakers for reinforcement. By Mike DeBonis 3 hours ago Conservative Arkansas could soon have the highest effective minimum wage in the country The red state will be a test case over whether a higher minimum wage results in job losses. Business leaders are divided about what they think will happen. By Heather Long 8 hours ago Visual Stories Visual Stories In Sight (Gulshan Khan) Voices of African Photography: At the intersection of identity, power and belonging Graphic (The Washington Post) Detailed results maps from competitive U.S. House districts Graphic (Kevin Schaul/Post) Who’s in charge of the Mueller investigation with Sessions out? Visual Story (Jabin Botsford/Post) Election day in photos: The quiet power of Americans voting — and the rush of victory and defeat Story (Mary F. Calvert for The Post) Is former sportscaster Britt McHenry a thoughtful conservative or a right-wing troll? Photos (HomeVisit) Homes you can buy for $3 million Video (Monica Akhtar, Erin Patrick O'Connor/ The Washington Post) Roger Stone has a rule: 'Deny everything.' And he does. UP NEXT Roger Stone has a rule: 'Deny everything.' And he does. Play Video 7:34 UP NEXT Opinion | Firing Jeff Sessions proves Trump learned nothing from the midterms Play Video 1:23 UP NEXT Why Trump is targeting asylum seekers Play Video 1:35 UP NEXT Did candidates ride a 'green wave' of fundraising to victory? Play Video 4:09 Most Read 1 White House shares doctored video to support punishment of journalist Jim Acosta 2 ‘The whole place was in flames’: Residents flee as Camp Fire tears through California towns 3 Opinion Matthew Whitaker is a crackpot 4 Sarah Sanders promotes an altered video of CNN reporter, sparking allegations of visual propaganda 5 FDA plans curbs on e-cigarette sales over concerns about surge in teen vaping Market Watch Dow 26,191.22 Today 0.04% S&P 2,806.83 Today 0.25% NASDAQ 7,530.89 Today 0.53% Last Updated:4:47 PM 11/09/2018 Stories from The LilyThe Lily, a publication of The Washington Post, elevates stories about women. The Lily live-painted a mural to reflect this year’s record number of first-time female candidates. See it here. Perspective The midterms are over, but there’s a lot of work to be done. Here’s what progressive white women have to do. Girlhood. Horror films. Nostalgia. Sharlene Teo’s ‘Ponti’ taps into it all. From Our Advertisers This content is paid for by the advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. Content from UC Davis How this technology is reclaiming a human right Content from AT&T Business The business disruption simulator Content from Siemens The global race to transportation electrification is on Politics Anti-fascist protesters target Tucker Carlson’s home Perspective VA, skirting court order, kills ‘official time’ for medical professionals Ginsburg’s hospitalization a reminder of Trump’s power to shape Supreme Court Democratic gun-control activist captures longtime GOP seat in Georgia World A Japanese medical school does an about-face after lowering women’s test scores to help men Release of Christian woman acquitted of blasphemy roils Pakistan Acting attorney general Whitaker has no intention of recusing himself from Russia probe, associates say Lawmakers raise alarm about ISIS attacks against Syria’s Druze population National Lawsuit targets Greyhound over warrantless stopping of buses by border agents 'An Asylum to the persecuted’: Would George Washington embrace the migrant caravan? “A biblical view of justice:" Matt Whitaker once said judges shouldn’t have a secular worldview 12 people killed, including sheriff’s deputy, in ‘horrific’ California bar shooting PostEverything Perspective Two Native American women are headed to Congress. This is why it matters. Perspective Why the midterms mean more international conflict Perspective The rainbow wave of 2018 Perspective Why Republicans take extra glee in the defeat of celebrity-endorsed candidates Local Poor King Kong. First, taken prisoner. Now trapped in a bad musical. Montgomery’s Marc Elrich has a huge mandate — but there are rifts to repair Bowser announces post-election shakeup at high-profile D.C. agencies Filmmakers chronicle tuba player’s journey from Sandtown to the symphony Sports Perspective Welcome to college basketball season. If everyone could please introduce themselves . . . Tim Tebow on Mets’ Opening Day roster would be a ‘clown’ move, says Mike Francesa John Wall’s feud with Stephen A. Smith over Rosebar is the Wizards’ version of the NBA Finals Aurora movie theater shooting survivor signs with Arizona Cardinals Lifestyle Our best Thanksgiving dessert recipes to suit nearly any diet Perspective Words and walkouts aren’t enough. CNN should sue Trump over revoking Acosta’s press pass. Perspective I wanted my kids to love books. So why did I stop reading them myself? Perspective Carolyn Hax: Keeping the grandparents at a distance Arts The 31 best dance scenes in movies After outcry, D.C. commission backs down on censoring art Barenboim brings West-Eastern Divan to D.C. for the first time Perspective Nicki Minaj and a stack of pancakes? These rare images capture another side to hip-hop. Technology Ford joins micro-mobility revolution by purchasing e-scooter start-up Spin White House shares doctored video to support punishment of journalist Jim Acosta Samsung’s next phone folds up like a book Google’s hometown passes new business tax to cope with rise in tech commuters Business & Real Estate After walkouts, Google agrees to step up its transparency, harassment policies Analysis RIP, Evelyn Y. Davis: An irrepressible shareholder activist for the ages Disney’s new streaming service will be called Disney+, chief executive says Oil prices have fallen 20 percent in a month Federal Government Perspective Comstock splits with Trump on federal employee issues, but still gets stink by association Thrift Savings Plan investment limit to increase to $19,000 in 2019 Perspective Staffing shortages cited at prison where Bulger and others died this year On campaign trail, Trump’s Cabinet parachutes into battleground districts where president is not welcome Obituaries Francis Lai, Oscar-winning film composer of ‘charming seductiveness,’ dies at 86 Mari Hulman George, scion of Indianapolis Motor Speedway dynasty, dies at 83 Bernard Bragg, pioneering deaf actor who brought sign language to the stage, dies at 90 Evelyn Y. Davis, activist shareholder and ‘queen of the corporate jungle,’ dies at 89 washingtonpost.com © 1996-2018 The Washington Post Subscribe Sign In Help and Contact Us Digital Products Terms of Sale Print Products Terms of Sale Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Terms of Use Policies and Standards Digital Products Terms of Sale Print Products Terms of Sale Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Get Us Home Delivery Digital Subscription Gift Subscriptions Mobile & Apps Newsletters & Alerts Washington Post Live Reprints & Permissions Post Store Photo Store e-Replica Contact Us Help & Contact Info Reader Re