BROWSER UPDATE To gain access to the full experience, please upgrade your browser: Chrome | Safari | Firefox | Internet Explorer Note: If you are running Internet Explorer 10 and above, make sure it is not in compatibility mode. Dow Jones, a News Corp company News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services Dow Jones Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro WSJ Video WSJ.com News Corp Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins Housing Makaan New York Post News America Marketing PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Unruly Subscribe NowSign In The Wall Street Journal India Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) November 9, 2018 Today's Paper Video Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D The Future of Everything Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal The Future of Everything Columns & Blogs Christopher Mims Joanna Stern David Pierce More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Tracker Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Financial Services Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Your Money Briefing Podcast Secrets of Wealthy Women Podcast Search Quotes and Companies Opinion Columnists Sadanand Dhume James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins Andy Kessler William McGurn Walter Russell Mead Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Joseph Sternberg Kimberley A. Strassel Reviews Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary More Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter Life & Arts Sections Arts Books Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel More WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything Far & Away Life Video Arts Video Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day More Real Estate Video WSJ. Magazine Sections Fashion Art & Design Travel Food Culture Search Search→ What’s News Police Probe Motive in Southern California Bar Shooting A Marine Corps veteran opened fire at a crowded country-music bar in Thousand Oaks., Calif., killing 12 people and injuring others before shooting himself, authorities said. Shooter Had Domestic-Disturbance History Sergeant ‘Made the Ultimate Sacrifice’ Tesla Taps Boss to Oversee Musk Tesla named board member Robyn Denholm as its chairman, tasking her with overseeing one of the business world’s most freewheeling figures at a pivotal moment for the electric-vehicle company. U.S. Allies Vie With China to Make Pacific Island Friends Australia said it would establish a development fund and offer Pacific island nations more than $2 billion for infrastructure projects while bolstering military cooperation. China Violated Obama-Era Cybertheft Pact: U.S. Official Trump’s Tariffs Have Fully Kicked In—Yet China’s Exports Grow China’s exports surged on the back of resilient demand, defying many economists’ expectations for a slowdown from the trade fight with the U.S. 81 Washington Prepares for New Leader at Justice Department Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker is unlikely to recuse himself from overseeing Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s Russia investigation. 192 Giuliani Among Candidates Senate, House Seats Still Unclaimed For races in California, Arizona, Georgia, and elsewhere, it may be days or even weeks before election officials provide a final tally. 103 House Victory Complicates Trade Deals Pelosi Speaker Bid Not Quite a Done Deal Analysis: Right on Election, Dead Wrong on Market Reaction Heard on the Street: Midterms Shouldn’t Reassure Investors on Deal With China Saudis Ponder a World Without OPEC Saudi Arabia’s top government-funded think tank is studying the possible effects on oil markets of a breakup of OPEC. U.S. Oil Enters Bear Market Chevron Stayed in Venezuela Long After Rivals Quit. Then It Had Second Thoughts. Drought Tests Australia’s Model Water Market Fed Holds Rates Steady Personal Technology Why I Didn’t Put Facebook’s Camera in My Home The Future of Everything Get Ready for 3-D Printed Yachts Essay How ‘The Great War’ Reinvented Warfare The Ahed The U.K. Has a Citizenship Test and It’s Dreadfully Hard (Quick: What’s the Statute of Rhuddlan?) Business Keywords Here Comes ‘Smart Dust,’ the Tiny Computers That Pull Power From the Air Machines that sponge energy from the environment to power ultra-efficient devices is no longer a fantasy, writes Christopher Mims. Some people even call it perpetual computing. Google Picks Geisinger CEO to Oversee Health-Care Initiatives Google is expected to name David Feinberg, head of the Geisinger health system, to a newly created role overseeing the tech company’s health-care efforts. Walt Disney Posts Record Annual Profit Disney turned in a strong financial performance in the latest period, as its parks-and-resorts and studio-entertainment segments helped it deliver record profit and revenue for the year. Coke’s New Drinks May Violate Deal, Monster Says Coca-Cola plans to launch Coke-branded energy drinks, returning to a growing category that would put the beverage giant in competition with partner Monster Beverage. Markets Baidu Leads Asian Borrowers in Search for Bond Buyers Chinese search engine Baidu led a string of Asian companies rushing to sell bonds, taking advantage of improved market sentiment after the U.S. midterm elections. D.E. Shaw Is a Quant King. Its Humans Are Losing Money At hedge-fund firm D.E. Shaw, a pioneer of quantitative trading, a group of traders who oversee about $2 billion in bets for and against individual stocks have struggled to make money in 2018, people familiar with the matter said. Heard on the Street Shiseido’s Beauty May Prove Fleeting Shares in the Japanese cosmetics company have surged in the past two years, thanks to strong Chinese demand. Whether that can continue is now in doubt. U.S. Stocks Retreat as Oil Prices Slump U.S. stocks fell Thursday, dragged down by shares of energy companies as U.S. crude oil entered a bear market. World Europe’s Center-Right Parties Face Threats on Continental Stage Battles that have riven national politics across the EU are hitting the continental stage as campaigning for the bloc’s legislature threatens the center-right’s commanding position. In Russia, McDonald’s Serves Local Fries and a Side of Realpolitik Once an ambassador of American culture in post-Soviet Russia, McDonald’s is now navigating rising U.S.-Kremlin tensions. To stay above the fray, the chain is taking a new tack: Go Russian. U.S. Hits Russians, Ukrainians With Sanctions Over Crimea Treasury says the moves were aimed at preventing attempts by Moscow to normalize relations with the annexed region Eurozone Economy Seen Cooling as Risks Mount The eurozone economy will cool over 2018 and the coming years as global demand for its exports wanes, with a sharper slowdown possible if the U.S. economy overheats or trade tussles escalate. U.S. Wildfires Prompt Evacuation Orders in California Fast-moving wildfires erupted at both ends of California on Thursday, quickly engulfing tens of thousands of acres and prompting thousands of evacuations. FDA Plans to Sharply Restrict Sales of Flavored E-Cigarettes The Food and Drug Administration plans to pull flavored e-cigarettes from most convenience stores and gas stations and requiring strict age verification controls for online sales, according to senior FDA officials. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Is Hospitalized After Fall Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fell in her office and fractured three ribs, causing the 85-year-old justice to miss the formal investiture of Brett Kavanaugh. 354 U.S. Weapons Transfers, Pushed by Trump, Rise by 13% Exports of U.S.-made weapon systems increased 13% over the last year following a concerted effort by the Trump administration to boost the transfers in support of the defense industrial base, the State Department said. Video Decoding Xi Jinping's Strategy on Trade3:38 Goldman Sachs Entangled in Global 1MDB Scandal2:27 Indonesia Plane Crash: The Questions Investigators Are Trying to Answer4:00 World Canada Data Agency Faces Blowback Over Plan to Collect Bank Records Pyongyang Scraps U.S. Talks Canadian Lawmaker Ousted From Caucus Over Sexting Scandal U.S. New York Eyes Ban of Flavored E-Cigarettes Construction Managers Charged in Crane Accident California Shooter Had Domestic-Disturbance History Politics Trump to Issue New Rules for Asylum Election Shifts Health-Care Landscape Across U.S. Appeals Court Says Trump Can’t Cancel DACA Economy ECB President Calls on Eurozone Nations to Cut Debt Mexican Inflation Slowed Modestly in October U.S. Jobless Claims Edged Lower Last Week Business P&G Moves to Streamline Its Structure Yelp Shares Plummet as Company Cuts Revenue Forecast Ad Agencies That Hide Media Rebates Could Face Legal Exposure, Trade Group Warns Tech Google to End Forced Arbitration for Sexual-Harassment Claims The Tricky—but Potentially Lucrative—Task of Streaming Videogames Qualcomm Still Bitten by Apple Markets Oil Enters Bear Market With a 20% Drop From High U.S. Farmers Aren’t Checking Trump On Trade Right on the Election, Dead Wrong on the Market Reaction Real Estate FTC Alleges Major Real-Estate Scam A Desert Home Design Inspired by Paperweights Vote for the WSJ House of the Week PAID PROGRAM Photos Photos: Thousand Oaks Bar ShootingGallery 1 of 4 Life & Arts Why Smart, Chic Women Are Abandoning High Heels (Forever) A fancy new breed of flat shoes is killing off stilettos as the default choice for dressy occasions—and women’s feet are not exactly in mourning. A New Breed of Innkeepers for the Airbnb Era Mighty’s New Music Player Lets You Leave Your Phone Behind When It Comes to This Ingredient, Believe the Hype CMO Marketers Push Agencies to Shoulder More Liability for Data Breaches Funding for Startups in Ad Tech, Marketing Expected to Slump in 2019, Report Says Comscore to Measure Viewership on Snapchat Discover CIO Upbeat Outlook for IT Jobs The Morning Download: Digitalization Alone Is Not the Cure Nokia’s Bell Labs Envisions 5G Spurring Robot Productivity CFO Tesla’s New Chairman Faces Governance Challenges SASB Launches Sustainability Accounting Standards New CenturyLink CFO Brings Integration Experience To New Post Risk & Compliance Anticorruption Group Accuses Top Commodities Firms of Engaging Risky Middlemen U.S. Targets Crimean Resort Amid Sanctions on Russia Corruption Currents: Former Sports-Talk Radio Host Convicted of Fraud Logistics Report Abu Dhabi State Fund Leads $60 Million Funding in Logistics Software Startup Today's Logistics Report: Building Near Customers; Software’s Money Draw; Stocking up for Brexit BNSF Railway, Trucker J.B. Hunt Locked in Freight Revenue Dispute Barron’s NEXT Retail Stocks May Be Ripe for a Trimming Musk Got Worse Deal Than SEC’s First Offer ANGI Homeservices Rises as a New CEO Prepares to Step In MarketWatch Florida’s Rick Scott accuses ‘unethical liberals’ of trying to ‘steal this election’ Yelp’s post-earnings stock plunge exposes a fragile business model yet again J.K. Rowling accuses ex-assistant of stealing $31,000 to spend on perfume, cats, Starbucks Mansion Global Independent of The Wall Street Journal newsroom. British Columbia Home Sales Fall to Four-Year Low Manhattan Townhouse and Condo Connected by Skybridge Hits Market for $35 Million Sentiment Over British Housing Market Lowest in Six Years Penta Famed Restaurateurs Roca Brothers Commit to Feeding the World Phillips Bet in Asia Is Paying Off Good Company: Khunu’s Sweaters from the Tibetan Plateau Markets  |  Watchlist U.S. EUROPE ASIA FX RATES FUTURES 1D5D3M6M1Y Nikkei 225 Hang Seng Shanghai BSE Sensex S&P/ASX 200 Markets→ Opinion How to Win a Cold War With Beijing By Seth Cropsey | Commentary Defuse America’s Explosive Politics By Peggy Noonan | Declarations Pause Interest-Rate Hikes to Help the Labor Force Grow By Neel Kashkari | Commentary Follow @WSJ Sign Up for Newsletters and Alerts Recommended Videos Trump Calls CNN Reporter ‘Rude, Terrible Person’ How China’s Rich and Famous Disappear Acosta Video Posted by White House Was Altered, Analysis Says Gunman Kills 12 in Southern California Bar Shooting Two Areas Where Congress Can Make Bipartisan Progress Most Popular Articles Police Probe Motive in California Bar Shooting Google Plans Large New York City Expansion White House Suspends Press Pass of CNN’s Acosta Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Is Hospitalized After Fall Kemp Says He Won Georgia Governor Race, but Abrams Isn’t Conceding Journal Reports Why Investors Shouldn’t Wait Until December to Take Tax Losses Investors who wait are likely to pay more taxes than those who realize losses when they occur. So why do investors keep doing it? Stock Funds’ 7.9% Drop Wiped Out 2018 Gains Now May Be a Good Time for Stock Investors to Look Abroad AI Funds Draw Cash but Struggle When It Makes Sense to Stop Adding Money to a 401(k) The Wall Street Journal India Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Subscribe Now Sign In Back to Top « WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal WSJ Amenity Program Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More About the Newsroom Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ Masthead News Archive Register for Free Reprints Buy Issues Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat Google Play App Store Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyr